Shanghai , May 9 ( XINHUA ) -- The spreading AIDS epidemic is threatening Asia 's economic growth , warned officials from the United Nations Program on HIV/AIDS ( UNAIDS ) , the World Health Organization and bank delegates at " Investing in Asia 's Health " , an Asian Development Bank ( ADB ) seminar held here Thursday .
Statistics show that about two people in the Asia-Pacific region are infected every minute , and a total of over one million people were infected in 2001 .
" AIDS is casting shadow on Asia 's economic miracle , and is turning into a global crisis , as the region accounts for 60 percent of world 's population , " says Michel Sidibe , Director of the Country and Regional Support Department of UNAIDS .
Research newly released by the WHO indicates that societies with a heavy burden of disease tend to experience a multiplicity of severe impediments to economic progress especially to sustainable economic growth .
It suggests that each 10 percent improvement in life expectancy at birth is associated with a rise in economic growth of at least 0.3 to 0.4 percent per year .
" With an alarming infection growth rate in many Asian Pacific countries , care for AIDS is over-burdening the health care system and is taking away from provision of other health services , " said Sidibe .
In countries such as China and India where AIDS was still at an early phase of the AIDS pandemic , timely control measures were critical to head off an explosive growth in infection , but these demanded heavy expenditure , he said .
Jeffrey Sachs , director for the Center for International Development at Harvard University and chairman of the WHO Commission on Macroeconomics and Health , believes developing countries should fully recognize the importance of investing in health in their overall development strategy .
In his report , " Macroeconomics and Health : Investing in Health for Economic Development " , released by the WHO last December , Sachs estimated that total annual health outlays in world 's least- developed countries would rise by 17 billion U.S. dollars by 2007 and 29 billion U.S. dollars by 2015 and AIDS prevention and care would account for half the increase .
However , low-income countries would be able to pay 14 billion U. S. dollars and 21 billion U.S. dollars respectively at best , said Sachs .
The WHO 's recommendations for each developing country include increasing investment in health and relevant areas like education , water and agricultural development ; the establishing of a temporary National Commission on Macroeconomics and Health ( NCMH ) , chaired jointly by the Ministers of Health and Finance to organize and lead the medical as well as economic war against AIDS and other diseases .
Sachs also addressed the exacerbating condition of the AIDS pandemic in China , saying that China had the technical ability to control AIDS infection , but still needed a comprehensive strategy , including local surveillance network , increasing government subsidiary and free medicine for the poor .
The seminar is part of the serial activities of the ongoing 35th Annual Meeting of ADB 's Board of Governors .
August 4 , 1999 Name Address City , ST Zip The goal of MCCOY , Inc .
has been to make a difference .
In 1998 , MCCOY , Inc .
led two efforts that , we believe , will help our community continue to take the steps necessary to help all young people grow up and develop well .
Participants in the Youth Outcomes Educational Initiative identified three goals for all our youth to obtain : economic self-sufficiency , healthy family , social relationships , and involvement in the community .
A short time later , the Community Youth Mapping Project sent 55 young people out into the community to identify the resources they need to grow up well : caring adults , safe places to go , and positive things to do .
One group of adults and one group of youth , through two very different processes , have arrived at the same conclusion ; our community still has much to do if we are to help ALL of your youth successfully develop into the responsible , productive adults who will our community in the future .
As a provider of youth services , MCCOY , Inc .
is here to support your valuable efforts to develop young people .
Recently , through a lot of hard work and alliances with organizations like yours , some steps have been taken in our community that will help young people continue to be involved in positive activities .
One , IndyGo in April adopted a much-needed policy that all young people under the age of 19 may ride on their buses at half the normal fare all year long .
Two , funding was made available this summer for youth organizations and churches to conduct positive youth programming on Saturday evenings .
Through the youth mapping process , it was confirmed that the positive opportunities for youth on weekend evenings were lacking .
That need is being met .
As it has been an exciting year for all of us , MCCOY , Inc .
can not do its part without the support of organizations like yours .
Annually , we ask several of our youth serving organizations to join us in our effort to help young people grow up well in Indianapolis .
Enclosed is a donation card that will enable you to make Indianapolis a great place for ALL of us to live .
If you have any questions or concerns at any time , please do not hesitate to call me at 921-1288 .
Sincerely , John F. Brandon , President MCCOY , Inc .
[ Passage omitted -- on the Bush administration 's budget for controlling climate changes ; the attitudes of Australia , Canada , the European Union , and China ; and the terms of the Kyoto Protocol ]
The US President preferred a more realistic attitude , because it is hard to believe that it will be possible to fully eliminate pollutant gas emissions in one decade .
What is also realistic is the idea that it will be easier to persuade the main polluting agents to take measures by providing incentives to them , rather than by constraint .
No matter how cynical this may appear , the US administration is mainly concerned with getting out of the recession and with relaunching the economy , rather than with the greenhouse effect .
US And UK Criticise Mugabe 's Victory
" SA wants Mugabe to accommodate the opposition in his new government to form a coalition government , " said an official source .
" They seem to think that this will resolve Zimbabwe 's political crisis . "
However , the MDC dismissed the possibility of participation in such an arrangement .
International condemnation of Mugabe 's win mounted yesterday with US President George Bush and British Foreign Secretary Jack Straw delivering further criticism .
Bush said : " We are dealing with our friends to figure out how to deal with this flawed election . "
Straw said Britain did " not recognise the result or its legitimacy " .
He hinted at a tougher policy against Mugabe , saying that the European Union would review sanctions at an upcoming summit meeting in Barcelona , Spain .
Guantanamo to hold terror prisoners
The U.S. naval base at Guantamano Bay , Cuba , once a detention center for thousands of Cubans and Haitians seeking freedom in America , may soon become a prison for men with a radically different view of the country .
The Pentagon is planning to house captured al Qaeda terrorists and Taliban fighters for an undetermined time at the base on the island 's isolated eastern coast , Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld said Thursday .
Despite the logistical hurdle of moving at least several dozen presumably dangerous men around 8,000 miles from Afghanistan , Rumsfeld called Cuba `` the least worst place . ''
U.S. Rep. Ileana Ros-Lehtinen , R-Miami , said she supported the idea , in part , because it would underscore the naval base 's strategic importance at a time when some members of Congress have urged returning the territory to Cuba .
`` It 's an excellent location , '' she said .
`` It gives new life to Gitmo , '' as the base is often called .
Because the base is not on U.S. soil , people detained there are not entitled to American residency and eventual citizenship privileges .
U.S. officials began using it as an offshore holding station during a Haitian refugee crisis in 1991 .
During the 1994-95 rafter crisis , 50,000 Cubans and Haitians were housed there in a tent encampment after U.S. naval vessels had picked them up at sea .
The prisoners from Afghanistan are not expected to arrive for weeks , and Rumsfeld said there are no plans to stage military tribunals or trials at the base , which is home to about 1,100 members of the Navy and Marine Corps .
The biggest challenge may be getting prisoners from South Asia to the Caribbean .
Some prisoners are reportedly being held on warships in the Afghan region .
Others are at a U.S. military compound in Kandahar , Afghanistan , where U.S. forces built a stockade of sorts to house them .
1999 PLANS
At the Southern Command in Miami , the Pentagon 's base for military operations in Latin America and the Caribbean , spokesman Steve Lucas said planners had pulled out blueprints from April 1999 -- when the Clinton administration had briefly considered housing up to 20,000 refugees from the Kosovo conflict at the base .
Then , the concern was how to make comfortable traumatized victims of civil war uprooted from a violent , cold climate .
Planners scrambled to deploy healthcare workers and Muslim clergymen before the White House abandoned that idea .
In this instance , military sources said , the number of prisoners would be much smaller -- perhaps in the dozens -- and the logistics would focus more on security at the 45-square-mile base and less on the comfort of prisoners who are considered either members of a terrorist network or supporters of terrorists .
As of Thursday , the United States had an estimated 45 prisoners in custody .
Guantanamo has detention space for about 100 people .
`` All of this is pretty well-planned out because we have used it to house illegal migrant detainees in the past , Cubans and Haitians , '' Lucas said .
`` It will be a little bit of a different situation but a lot of the basic stuff is the same . ''
SLICE OF U.S .
With an outdoor movie theater , bowling alleys , a McDonald 's and a mini-mall , Guantanamo Bay is a curious slice of Americana on the edge of the Caribbean .
As of 1999 , 2,400 civilians were on the base , including the families of the sailors and Marines who manage the port and patrol the fence line that separates the base from communist-ruled Cuba .
No updated figure was available Thursday .
The base is extremely isolated .
Visitors can reach it only under strict military escort and with prior permission from the Pentagon , aboard special small shuttle flights that reach the base by a circuitous flight from the United States .
On rare occasions , Cuban defectors get there by swimming through dangerous waters or by traversing a Cuban minefield .
There is also a gate between Cuba proper and the base that is sometimes opened for meetings between military commanders , or to repatriate Cubans who have been taken to the base .
Cuban leader Fidel Castro has long argued that the U.S. military occupation of the base is illegal , while U.S. officials say the base exists under a lease agreement that was part of a 1934 treaty with Cuba .
Some Washington diplomats consider giving back the land a potential carrot for negotiation with a democratic Cuban government .
Ros-Lehtinen suggested Thursday that the move might raise the hackles of Cuba 's government , but Rumsfeld dismissed those concerns .
`` We do n't anticipate any trouble with Mr. Castro , '' he said .
July 28 , 1999 Dear Join us for the " Sale of the Century " at JCC Auction '99 , on Saturday , November 13 , 1999 .
The 9th annual JCC Auction will benefit the numerous scholarship programs of the Jewish Community Center of Indianapolis , a United Way agency .
Because you are an organization that cares , you are invited to become an integral part of this fabulous event by becoming a corporate sponsor for JCC Auction '99 .
The JCC would be very pleased to welcome your organization as a corporate sponsor .
We are seeking to build partnerships between businesses and our not-for-profit agency .
As a sponsor , you and your guests will have a special evening , knowing that your tax deductible contribution will help support preschool , childcare , senior and resettlement services , as well as quality cultural events in our community .
Enclosed is a corporate sponsorship package that includes a sample auction book from last year 's event , JCC market statistics and an overview of the many programs that will be preserved and strengthened through your generous support .
One of us will call you to discuss how your company can become an important highly visible partner with the JCC in support of our scholarship programs .
If you have any questions , please feel free to call Myrna Weinberger at 251-9467 , ext. 256 .
Thank you in advance for your consideration .
Sincerely , Judy Laikin , Chair Auction '99 Sponsor Committee
Britain 's Prescott Pushes for Kyoto Pact Backing
VANCOUVER , British Columbia -- The Kyoto Protocol on reducing greenhouse gas emissions must be ratified even without U.S. support , British Deputy Prime Minister John Prescott told an international conference on business and the environment on Friday .
Prescott said that while the U.S. decision to reject the Kyoto agreement is a cause for concern , pressure will be maintained on the Bush administration to go further with its current voluntary emission-reduction targets .
" This is the world 's best chance of dealing with a very serious threat to it , " Prescott told delegates from 65 nations at the Globe 2002 conference in Vancouver that ended on Friday .
Prescott , Britain 's front man in pushing the accord , said the United States until recently was critical of the science that led to the Kyoto pact but has now accepted it , and he remains optimistic that the goals of the United States and of other signatory nations would converge .
The Kyoto Protocol calls on countries to reduce emissions of so-called greenhouse gases such as carbon dioxide , which are blamed by many scientists for global warming , to pre-1990 levels by 2012 .
Named for the Japanese city where it was approved , the pact was signed by 84 countries , including the United States and Canada .
Fifty-five countries responsible for 55 percent of emissions in 1990 must ratify it for it to take effect .
Forty-nine countries had done so as of mid-March , according to the United Nations .
Europe 's environment ministers have agreed that all 15 EU nations should adhere to the Kyoto Protocol .
Ratification could win support at an EU summit later this month in Barcelona , Spain .
The process is expected to be completed by June 1 .
Prescott said the British program aims to cut emissions by 20 percent , and the country is now half way to that goal .
The issue has pitted business groups , who claim the accord will hurt the global economy , against environmentalists , who warn of the dire effects from global warming such as higher ocean levels and destruction of various plants and animal species .
Canada is among the countries that have pledged to ratify the accord .
Canada 's Environmental Minister , David Anderson , is under pressure from the country 's energy producers to follow the U.S. position .
Prescott came to Anderson 's support on Friday , agreeing that financial figures quoted by Kyoto opponents in Canada about the potential damage to the Canadian economy were " pure fiction . "
A study by the Canadian Manufacturers and Exporters Association said the accord would cost the Canadian economy up to C $ 40 billion by 2010 , but a Dutch report released earlier this week said it would only be C $ 727 million .
" At the least the difference between some estimates clearly shows a great deal more talking and assessment is needed , " Reuters quoted Prescott as telling the delegates , who represented both business and environmental groups .
Leaders of the United States probably withheld their breath Monday evening while watching on television what Russian President Vladimir Putin was about to say to his people .
After Putin 's statement they rubbed their palms at length .
It amounted to much more than what one could have expected .
The military great power that towers over Afghanistan has committed itself to overthrow the ruling Taliban system , and has pledged to support the US " anti-terrorism military operation " now being prepared .
Putin has exceeded the " positive neutrality policy " his country ( the Soviet Union at the time ) has pursued during the Gulf War , and whose continued validity the military leaders also regarded as desirable .
The situation in which Putin has agreed to open former Soviet military airfields to American armed forces in three ( former Soviet ) Central Asian countries could be regarded as dramatic .
These countries are Tajikistan , Uzbekistan and Turkmenistan .
Although these are sovereign states , and the final decision would have been in their hands , people familiar with the actual balance of power indicate that these states would have done nothing , had Moscow wanted a different thing to happen .
One can not underestimate the significance of the fact that Russia has opened its airspace .
True , Putin only permitted ( Americans ) to deliver via Russian airspace aid to the " theater of the anti-terrorism military operations , " ( i.e. not soldiers and weapons ) .
Nevertheless , this amounts to such high degree of Russian-American cooperation in a wartime situation , the two sides have never attained during the past 10 years .
And Putin has established the prospect of taking further steps in this regard .
Accordingly , Russia has joined the anti-terrorist coalition of the United States virtually without reservation .
Putin has written the name of Moscow on the registration page of the American side .
He wanted to become an ally , and that 's what he has become .
But making this complex decision was not easy for him .
Reformers told Putin all along that he should take advantage of " the rare opportunity for ( Russia ) to become integrated with the civilized world . "
But main stream Russian military policy has been to keep a distance from America , the country that has been historically responsible for " educating " the Taliban that had caused the demise of Soviet occupation forces in Afghanistan .
In the end , a certain consideration that differed from the above two proved to be decisive .
It had to do with Chechnya .
Putin has no greater desire than to present to the West the Chechen independence movement as a chapter of " international terror. " He did not succeed with that so far .
He was criticized more than recognized for his policy .
At this time however , he taught a lesson to the Americans .
After the Americans had promised everything good and nice , Putin remarked almost as an aside that the events in Chechnia " could be interpreted only in the context of the struggle against international terrorism . "
In reality , Putin asked for a free hand regarding Chechnia , some understanding , or even that the Americans look the other way .
Putin did not receive what he sought in a quick response from Washington , namely , that the State Department would continue to encourage political dialogue between Moscow and the Chechen insurgents .
Nevertheless , one could not fail taking note of the fact that in the same response the United States called upon the Chechens to " unconditionally and without delay to terminate every contact with international terrorist groups , " and that they accept Putin 's offer to make peace .
If we view this warning against the background that Putin 's government has always seen Usama Bin Ladin 's hands behind " Chechen terrorism , " we were witnessing a late recognition of Moscow 's views .
The Russian President has understood this American recognition .
In Berlin , where he was the center of stormy celebration , he vindicated for himself the deeper truth that may be seen behind terror .
He argued that had the West not continued to keep alive during the past several years the Cold War stereotype of a threat from the East , but would have concentrated instead on terrorism , the common enemy , the twin towers of New York may not have collapsed .
" Accordingly , at this time it is your turn to think , " Putin said .
Feeling like a true ally , he was able to ask for a place for Russia almost inconspicuously - in NATO .
This would have been a joke only yesterday .
Today , at the threshold of expansion , it is no longer a joke .
Cardoso says main challenge facing Chavez is reestablishing normalcy
Brasilia , 16 ( Agencia Brasil - ABr ) - President Fernando Henrique Cardoso says that the principal challenge facing the president of Venezuela , Hugo Chavez , is reestablish normalcy following the conflicts of last week .
Cardoso spoke of opening communication channels and achieving social harmony .
Chavez told Cardoso he has no intention of seeking revenge against the military personnel who supported the failed attempt to remove him from office .
Former president of the United States , Jimmy Carter , has come out in support of Chavez 's promise to set up dialogue tables and is scheduled to visit Venezuela in the near future .
Finance Minister Pedro Malan insisted yesterday on the need for a " more profound constructive engagement " on the part of multilateral institutions and governments in helping Argentina .
According to Malan , another approach is necessary in this period of transition of the Argentine crisis .
He suggests the definition of a series of priorities .
" The priority now is to unshackle the credit system , for there is no modern economy that can function without credit .
Credit needs banks , a functioning payment system .
This priority is urgent right now , " he told participants in the seminar on " The Euro and Brazil , " organized by this newspaper .
Malan criticizes the stance taken by multilateral institutions like the IMF , who are asking for reforms in Argentina before the country can receive financial help .
Given the degree of uncertainty that prevails over the inflation , foreign exchange and interest rates and over the economy 's real Gross Domestic Product ( GDP ) this year , the approach should not be the traditional one , the Finance Minister says .
Pedro Malan 's attitude in relation to Argentina is very different from that of Jaime Caruana , governor of the Bank of Spain , the Spanish central bank .
To Caruana , Argentina has to " create a broad program that generates internal and external stability and discuss it with the IMF . "
The Bank of Spain Governor did not want to detail what points Argentina should deal with to expand its program .
Spain is one of the leading investors in Argentina , whose instability had a big impact on the results of Spanish banks in 2001 .
But Caruana said that the banks " did their homework " and made provisions for their investments in Argentina .
Malan noted that as part of the constructive engagement in relation to Argentina , a group of experts spent the day with authorities from that country , recounting their experiences in situations like the one the Argentines are facing .
In the group were former Bank of Mexico Governor Miguel Mancera , who dealt with the peso crisis in 1995 ; a former Chilean Central Bank president who faced the 1982 crisis , when the Chilean GDP dropped by 14 percent ; former IMF Fiscal Affairs Director Vito Tanzi ; an expert in restructuring the Spanish debt ; and former Brazilian Central Bank President Gustavo Loyola , who lived through the time of the Collor government 's withholdings and of the Proer [ Program to Encourage the Reorganization and Strengthening of the National Financial System ] - the program to restructure the Brazilian banking system .
In Argentina 's defense , Malan says that Brazil 's Mercosur partner " has sought to define with clarity the fundamental issues of its basic regimes - foreign exchange ( floating exchange rate regime ) , monetary ( they intend , after phase of transition , to define their inflation goal system , which was important to Spain from 1995-1998 ) and fiscal . "
This , the Minister insists , is why " it makes no sense to demand that everything be done in one or two weeks , " referring to what the IMF and some governments , like that of the United States , are asking .
Malan defends a single currency for Mercosur .
" We want to keep alight the flame of a single currency in the region in future , even if a distant one , " but until then , " there is the job of consolidating the institutions in the political and institutional sphere , of productive restructuring and of modernizing the State " in six countries - Brazil , Argentina , Uruguay , Paraguay , Chile and Bolivia .
The Minister says he is radically opposed to the idea of dollarizing the Brazilian economy .
" We do not want to yield on Brazil 's having its own currency , its regional currency .
Dollarization is a not very trivial process of negotiation with the country that issues the currency , in this case the dollar , involving complex questions about the role of ultimate lender , the role of the Federal Reserve in the supervision and regulation of the banks in the dollarized country . "
According to Malan , the dollarization process is irreversible .
The Minister believes that tension between Brazil and Argentina , resulting from the floating of the real in 1999 , will tend to disappear because the neighboring country is opting for a floating exchange rate system .
Malan predicts that Argentina will be more competitive when it emerges from the crisis .
" A little calm is needed , the ability to look ahead , not let oneself be carried by the difficulties of the moment , " he emphasizes .
According to the Minister , Mercosur managed , after an " enormous technical effort , ' something that did not exist in the region two years ago - the harmonization of the statistics of the member countries , Bolivia and Chile , which were not comparable before .
" Today we have comparable statistics ; there is a macroeconomic monitoring group in the Finance Ministry and experts from the six countries ' central banks who meet regularly .
Based on this effort of statistical harmonization , we announced , in December 2000 , an agreement for basic convergence parameters .
The presidents of the six countries endorsed certain goals in relation to the debt , GDP , nominal deficits as a proportion of the six countries ' GDPs , and maximum inflation .
Whoever says that these are small steps is incapable of recognizing the European Union 's experience , " the Minister says .
According to Malan , " long marches start with first steps . "
This was an important step that President Fernando Henrique Cardoso called a little Maastricht , that is , the search for convergence parameters that serve as a reference point for talks between experts from the six countries , the Minister says .
To Malan , however , more important than the harmonization of the parameters and the little Maastricht is the search for convergence of policies in a broader sense - structural , macro and microeconomic ones .
The Finance Minister says he hopes , for Mercosur , something similar to what happened in the EU : " an ability to look decades ahead and not let oneself get beaten down , like in some countries that dedicate themselves to lamenting , that see the difficulties as being insurmountable , and the problems as being unsolvable . "
Malan defends a different posture : " to set aside the notion of cynicism , skepticism , that things will not work out , " and believe , like the Europeans , that there is a future to be built by the Mercosur countries and Chile and Bolivia , the associate members .
The Minister says that after the October elections in Brazil , it will be necessary to make more progress in the process of making changes to which the country has been committed over the past years .
Mugabe confident of victory in historic Zimbabwe vote
HARARE-Zimbabwean President Robert Mugabe predicted victory Saturday as he cast his ballots in presidential and local elections at a primary school in Harare 's working-class suburb of Highfield .
Asked if he would accept the results of the hotly contested election , Mugabe said : " I will accept it , more than accept it because I will have won . "
The 78-year-old former guerrilla leader , who has governed since independence in 1980 , took another swipe at the former colonial power Britain and other western nations , which he said have prejudged the vote .
" They do n't want the president of Zimbabwe to remain the president of Zimbabwe , " he told reporters outside the school .
Mugabe has faced widespread criticism and sanctions from the European Union and the United States over alleged rights violations and manipulation of the election process .
Tinkering has left voting procedures so confusing in Harare that even Mugabe and his top aides appeared unsure of where the president was to vote .
Mugabe was clearly expected to turn up at Mhofu School in Highfield , where state television had a truck posted and had been broadcasting live since polls opened early Saturday .
Several of Mugabe 's ministers and senior aides were also on hand to see their leader cast his ballot , as well as a throng of reporters and camera operators .
But it turned out the president would perform his civic duty instead at Kudzanai School , also in Highfield .
Mugabe had to vote at that particular ward in order to be able to cast ballots both for president and for mayor in Harare , which is holding the two elections simultaneously .
The opposition Movement for Democratic Change ( MDC ) complained that the set-up was deliberately confusing in a ploy to discourage the urban vote , which is thought to favor Mugabe 's challenger Morgan Tsvangirai .
Come one , Come all to the Inaugural Jameson Grill The only fund raising event in the world where you can bring your entire family , other employees , or maybe even your neighbors .
Saturday , September 20,1997 , from 2:00 p.m. until 7:00 p.m. , marks a special day , as Jameson Camp will hold its first ever Jameson Grill .
A fund raiser dedicated to you and your family having fun ! !
For this event , when you purchase a corporate picnic table , you will be able to bring 16 people .
and if you need room for a couple of more , we can swing that too !
The Grill will feature enough activities that you and your kids will have a tough time deciding what to do .
From basketball , kickball , volleyball , archery , crafts , an egg toss , and even a walk through our creek , you will have plenty to do to get you good and hungry .
Hungry , you bet !
We 'll prepare a hog roast and hot dogs for the kids , with all the fixings .
In addition , we will have soft drinks and a raffle , so that you can walk home with a great prize !
The Jameson Grill has been designed to be nothing but fun for you , your family , employees , and maybe even your neighbors .
Join in this wonderful event and help Jameson Camp continue to provide the year-round support that gives kids a chance to create dreams .
Simply fill out the enclosed card , and we will see you at the Grill !
One of our volunteers will be contacting you soon .
Questions ?
Call Pat Bray at 241-2661 or e-mail , jcfundrzr @ aol.com
WE are not going to remain silent .
You can count on that .
You know us , said Remi Parmentier , the political director of Greenpeace International .
He was responding to a question from Gulf Times whether there would be demonstrations during the WTO ministerial meeting , which opened in Doha yesterday .
Parmentier , however , did not say categorically that there would be street demonstrations .
But , he added that the Qatari government had neither sought nor was given any commitment by Greenpeace not to undertake demonstrations .
We discussed a number of conditions for the boat to be allowed to moor here and we have fulfilled all those conditions , the environmentalist told reporters on board the ship at the Doha harbour , before setting sail towards Doha Sheraton , the conference venue .
So , we will act very responsibly and I have given all guarantees to Sheikh ( Hamad bin Faisal ) al-Thani ( chairman of the organising committee ) that we would be responsible , peaceful and that we would act in a very constructive manner with them .
But , he added that the Greenpeace is here to voice the concerns of millions of people .
We are going to give a voice to people that you dont want to hear .
And thats the meaning of the Rainbow Warrior being here .
And the people who are here are going to voice their concerns and voice their demands .
Parmentier said they would use every possible peaceful means at our disposal to make sure that the voice of the people is heard .
He pointed out that Qatar , while presenting Dohas candidature to host the meeting , had made an official commitment that it would allow peaceful protests .
Earlier , the Rainbow Warrior sailed into Doha on Thursday morning , to challenge the WTO to use the 4th ministerial conference to force the United States to commit to the Kyoto Protocol on climate change .
Talking to the press , Greenpeace executive director Gerd Leipold said currently the most important issue is climate change .
If we continue to burn fossil fuel at the rate we are going today , we look at a bleak future .
Islands will go under , nations will vanish from the face of earth and millions of people will have to leave their homes .
The environmental organisation warned the delegates at the conference that the principles of the WTO would be rendered worthless unless the meeting extracted the commitment from the US on Kyoto Protocol .
The US produces 25 % of world green house gases but has only 4 % of the population of the world .
It just can not be that one country reaps all the benefits of mock globalisation but does not take any responsibility for the biggest global problem we are facing today .
This is fundamentally unfair and unjust , Leipold said .
Parmentier said , on the one hand , the WTO claims to support sustainable development and environmental protection and on the other , it does virtually nothing to protect the environment .
The Kyoto Protocol rejection by the US is in effect a hidden subsidy .
This is a breach of the very constitution of WTO .
The WTO claims that it wants to protect the environment .
Then today , in Doha , they must condemn the US for allowing a hidden subsidy , which according to the US governments own figures is equivalent to between $ 76.7bn and $ 300bn by 2010 .
This is the first test case for WTO .
Parmentier urged the delegates not to even discuss the possibility of a new round of trade negotiations unless the US this week in Doha ratifies the Kyoto Protocol .
He said Greenpeace looked forward to work in partnership with developing countries to get the proper assessment of the impact of the WTO instead of a new round of trade negotiations .
In 1993 , when the WTO was created everybody jumped without checking whether there was a proper safety net at the bottom .
What we are saying is , lets not jump again too quickly and lets check if there is a safety net .
And lets consolidate those safety nets before we jump into a new round .
This is the only responsible course of action and it will be a historic success for Doha and we want this meeting to be a success .
If in six days time there has been no new round , this meeting will have been a success , because it will force the WTO to change , he said .
WTO decisions must not be allowed to overrule international environmental agreements ; the precautionary principle must be incorporated in decision-making , and patents on life must be banned , Parmentier added
On board the Rainbow Warrior are nationalities from 18 countries , including witnesses from local communities who will testify to the adverse effects of WTO global policies .
The organisation will also be broadcasting No New Round Radio daily over the Internet .
Parmentier hoped the Qatari authorities would honour their commitment to allow free access to the people of the country to the ship and vice versa .
Answering another question , he said the WTO came to Qatar to hide from protestors .
They can run but they can not hide , he said .
The great leader [ yongdoja ] Comrade Kim Chong-il has pointed out the following : " We should conduct proper research work to protect the environment , such as the air and water , in order to maintain people 's health and provide them with more hygienic and civilized living conditions . "
At the United Nations Framework Convention for Climate Change held recently in Morocco , Japan laid artificial obstacles to the session by seeking its own profit .
In discussing the draft regulations to put the " Kyoto Protocol " into force , Japan openly took issue with the draft regulations only because the contents of the regulations were not in its favor .
It grudgingly agreed to it only when some countries made concessions and made amendments to the draft .
Japan calculated that it would suffer a tremendous loss , if the draft regulations were ever passed intact and would be adopted as a legal document .
The session of the United Nations Framework Convention for Climate Change held this time was to reach on an actual agreement regarding regulatory problems that have to be solved to put the " Kyoto Protocol " adopted in 1997 into force , so that the world may reduce the greenhouse effect and ecological damage , which are becoming more serious with each passing day , protect human lives and health , and provide favorable conditions for the promotion of human civilization .
As is feared by the whole world , preservation of the environment is becoming an awfully grave and pressing problem that is linked to the existence of mankind .
How the problems of the global warming and environmental preservation are handled today will have a major impact on the lives and health of people as well as the future development of the world .
This is the reason why many people of the world today are demanding that the world take concrete measures for protecting the environment , as they have come to realize its importance .
However , as was revealed this time , Japan , which was in a position to take the lead to solve the environmental problems , attempted to back away from solving the problems .
It is a well-known fact that the " Kyoto Protocol " was adopted at the Fifth Conference of Parties to the UN Framework Convention on Climate Change held in Japan in 1997 .
According the " Kyoto Protocol , " developed countries are supposed to set goals to reduce greenhouse gases emission and officially put the " Kyoto Protocol " into force by the year 2002 .
For the " Kyoto Protocol " to enter into force , 55 countries have to ratify it .
At the 1997 conference , representatives of many countries of the world supported and welcomed the adoption of the " Kyoto Protocol " as an epoch-making measure to curb the warming of the earth 's surface and atmosphere .
It was expected that the protocol would be ratified by the countries that signed it and would have a legal binding force .
Emphasizing the significance of the adoption of the " Kyoto Protocol , " Japan loudly trumpeted at that time that the adoption of the protocol was " produced by the role " Japan had played .
Japan even called for working out practical measures to have it enter into force .
Nonetheless , Japan , changing its stand this time , opposed the draft regulations to put the " Kyoto Protocol " into force and even called for liquidation of the draft .
This shows how capricious Japan is and how frequently it changes its stand when the stakes matter the most .
Of course , behind the Japan 's behavior lies its stakes .
According to the " Kyoto Protocol , " by 2008 - 2012 Japan is supposed to reduce its greenhouse gas emission by six percent from the 1990 level .
If Japan is to achieve this goal , it will have to put a lot of effort .
It has to restructure the plants and enterprises , introduce new technology , and upgrade production lines .
To do all these things , it needs a tremendous amount of money for investment .
Never doing anything unprofitable is the nature of Japan .
Accordingly , Japan would never readily agree on putting the " Kyoto Protocol " into force .
In the course of calculating the gains and losses of the " Kyoto Protocol " and trying to figure out what it should do , Japan found a good excuse .
The United States , which has to do the most to implement the " Kyoto Protocol , " has come out opposing the draft regulations .
On the pretext of the US opposition , Japan was attempting to realize its own objective .
In the midst of this situation , a Japanese official visited the United States and received the instruction that Japan should avoid inordinate behavior with respect to the issue of implementing the " Kyoto Protocol . "
That was a hint that it would not be good for Japan to play a leading role in dealing with a matter detrimental to US interests .
Since Japan has no spirit of independence and has always acted on US directions , Japan had continued to put off Diet ratification of the protocol and took such an attitude at the UN session held this time , under the plausible pretext that it would be meaningless to put the " Kyoto Protocol " into force , if the United States were excluded .
What Japan is doing with respect to the issue of putting the " Kyoto Protocol " into force is tantamount to an act of betrayal against mankind in the effort to protect human lives , health , and the earth 's atmosphere .
At present , the global warming is a most serious issue , whose gravity is second only to that of a nuclear war .
Here , Japan and other developed countries have to assume especially large responsibilities .
Nonetheless , Japan is backing away from resolving the issue , although it is in a position to play a leading role .
Japan should be condemned by the world for that .
Japan will be unable to escape stronger denunciation and more serious isolation from the world , if it continues to seek only its own profit and create stumbling blocks , and does not do what it is supposed to do to prevent the global warming and seek environmental preservation .
BEIJING , Nov 8 ( AFP ) - United Nations Human Rights Commissioner Mary Robinson began a visit to China on Thursday with a warning to her hosts not to use the war against terror as an excuse for repression .
Robinson told reporters in Beijing she would raise individual cases of prisoners as well as her concerns about the " widespread " use of torture in China and the treatment of people in the regions of Tibet and Xinjiang .
Robinson , who is due to attend discussions on human rights education and meet President Jiang Zemin during her two-day trip , began the visit by signing an agreement between the UN and China on further cooperation in human rights dialogue during 2002 .
Afterwards , answering questions alongside co-signatory Vice Foreign Minister Wang Guangya , she made it clear measures to crack down on terrorism should not be used to justify rights abuses .
The former Irish president said she was concerned at " a worrying trend in a number of countries to use the excuse of combating terrorism to clamp down on freedom of expression and legitimate dissent which is not violent " .
She specifically highlighted the situation of the ethnic Uighhur Muslim population of Xinjiang , China 's furthest west region , where rights groups have claimed a crackdown against separatists has been stepped up since the September 11 attacks on the United States .
In anti-terror campaigns , " there must also be very clear boundaries and I am worried specifically about the Uighur population in Xinjiang , I am worried about the situation in areas like Tibet for example , which I wish to raise , " she said .
Any cooperation with China over rights issues would not blunt further criticism , she pledged .
" I adopt a two pronged approach .
One is to encourage this cooperation and the other is to express concerns about serious situations of human rights violations or shortcomings , that I will also do . "
China later denied there were abuses in Xinjiang and Tibet and said the real issue was separatists -- Uighurs who want an independent state of East Turkestan and Tibetans associated with the Dalai Lama -- taking advantage of the international crisis .
In Xinjiang and Tibet , " the situation there is very good " said foreign ministry spokesman Zhu Bangzao .
" If there are problems out there it is the issue of separatists who want to undermine the situation , and a very important issue is the East Turkestan terrorists and the Dalai Lama separatist clique , " he told a press briefing .
That the fight against Xinjiang " terrorists " was part of the global anti-terror battle " should be very clear , no double standards should be pursued here , " he added .
China has repeatedly said it is " a victim of terrorism " in Xinjiang , which borders Afghanistan , and there have been reports of Uighur activists being rounded up following the September 11 attacks .
Robinson said that among other issues she would bring up was the " widespread " problem of torture in China .
" I will also raise some individual cases and express concerns .
I do this in each country that I visit , " she said .
However despite previous discussions " I have n't had as much progress on individual cases as I have wished to , " she added .
Analysts have warned that however tough Robinson 's talk , international attention is probably too firmly focused on the anti-terror coalition , of which China is a part , to place much pressure on Beijing over human rights .
5:14pm Sat May 4th , 2002 -- Thirty-two non-governmental organisations [ NGOs ] today said they have suspended all engagements with the Malaysian Human Rights Commission or Suhakam for 100 days since April 24 - when the latest appointments to the commission took effect .
Speaking on behalf of the NGOs , human rights organisation , Hakam president Ramdas Tikamdas said the boycott was to protest the government 's poor response to Suhakam 's numerous recommendations thus far .
" The NGOs note with deep concern that the government has largely ignored Suhakam 's maiden report and its freedom of assembly report .
" Whereas the Kesas report , submitted after a public inquiry , earned the disdain and wrath of the Prime Minister ( Dr Mahathir Mohamad ) who summarily dismissed it as a product of ` western biased ' , " he said during a press conference at the Selangor Chinese Assembly Hall in Kuala Lumpur .
The Kesas report irked Mahathir after it found the police guilty of using excessive force during a mass anti-government gathering along the Kesas highway on Nov 5 , 2000 .
The NGOs stressed the government has also failed to respect or recognise Suhakam 's recommendations and also lamented the decline of human rights in Malaysia .
Ramdas said the government 's failure to adhere to the commission 's recommendations creates the impression that Suhakam is nothing but " a mere public relations tool " .
" Over the last two years , the state of human rights in Malaysia has deteriorated with increasing numbers of people detained without trial under the Internal Security Act , with blanket police ban on assemblies , with restrictions to the right of free speech and expression and with further restrictive amendments to the election laws , all of which have further denied our democratic space , " he added .
The NGOs also noted that the government has yet to show its commitment and respect for universal human rights principles by ratifying the international instruments of human rights , namely the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights , the International Covenant on Economic , Social and Cultural Rights and the Covenant Against Torture .
Controversial appointments
Meanwhile , another concern raised was Suhakam 's independence following the appointment of former attorney-general Abu Talib Othman as its new chairperson and the decision not to renew the appointments of three commissioners , Anuar Zainal Abidin , Prof Mehrun Siraj and Dr Salleh Mohd Nor .
Ramdas said it was perceived that Anuar and Mehrun , instrumental behind the scathing Kesas report , were dropped for performing their duties without fear or favour .
" The fact that three commissioners have now been axed is a clear signal to other commissioners that their tenure is dependent on whether or not they have pleased the executive .
" This clearly undermines the independence of the Commission and will erode public 's confidence on it . "
On the other hand , the NGOs said there is nothing in the public records which shows that Abu Talib was committed to protecting civil liberties and advancing human rights .
Claiming that there was " nothing personal " , the NGOs said their concern was based on his defense of the 1987 'Ops Lalang ' where more than 100 people were detained under the ISA [ Internal Security Act ] .
They added that Abu Talib , during his tenure as AG [ attorney general ] , was also instrumental for the impeachment of then Lord President Salleh Abas and five Supreme Court judges in 1988 .
The NGOs also expressed concern over the appointment of five new commissioners which has led to Suhakam being made up mostly of retired civil servants .
The new commissioners are retired Treasury deputy secretary-general Ramon Navaratnam , permanent representative to the United Nations Hasmy Agam , Institute of Islamic Understanding Malaysia ( Ikim ) director-general Dr Abdul Monir Yaacob , retired Education director-general Asiah Abu Samah and retired National Population and Family Development Board director-general Dr Raj Abdul Karim .
" Our concern is whether persons used to the role of policy implementors can objectively assess and critique executive policies which impinge on human rights , " said Ramdas .
Elaborating further on the boycott , Ramdas said the NGOs will not hold any dialogues , send any memorandums or complaints to Suhakam .
" In the meantime , we will monitor the commissioners in the discharge of their statutory duties in respect of the pending complaints and inquires , " he said .
" We will also note to what extent Suhakam will monitor the government 's compliance with previous recommendations on various human rights issues contained in its maiden report to the Parliament as well as its other reports , " he added .
Ramdas said Suhakam 's performance will be judged not on the number of statements issued or reports produced but on the improvement of human rights in Malaysia .
" When the bill ( Suhakam Act ) was tabled in the parliament , our Foreign Affairs Minister ( Syed Hamid Albar ) promised that this would be a positive development in protecting and promoting human rights in Malaysia .
" We are now looking at Suhakam as an institution to fulfill this promise , " he stressed .
According to Ramdas the NGOs will meet again after the 100-day period to review their position .
Apart from Hakam , other notable NGOs involved in the boycott are the Malaysian Trades Union Congress ( MTUC ) , Suaram , Amesty International 's Malaysian chapter , Jamaah Islah Malaysia ( Jim ) and Sisters in Islam ( SIS ) .
Boycott unfair
In a related development , Suhakam commissioner Prof Hamdan Adnan told malaysiakini that he was disappointed with the boycott which he described as " unfair " .
Instead of resorting to such measures , the commissioner said the NGOs should work with Suhakam for the advancement of human rights in this country .
He added the boycott could create the impression that the NGOs were acting out of self interest and are not honest about championing human rights .
" This action shows that the NGOs themselves do not acknowledge Suhakam and do not want to work with us , " said Hamdan .
I would say between the ages of 7 to 10 years old it , was a really big thing to go to the movie on Saturday mornings .
And one particular movie theater we went to , they would show serials every Saturday , which were a continued story .
So if you missed one Saturday you would miss what happened in a particular episode and you , um , would n't know what had taken place .
So we would go every Saturday morning .
And also at this theater , they gave prizes to different people .
And one of the way they gave prizes was , they would take big group photos and everybody , and there were stairs going up to a balcony , real wide stairs .
And the big group of people would go stand on the stairs and there would be probably 30 or 40 kids in the picture .
And they 'd take the picture and then you would go back the next Saturday after they had been developed and they would have circled 3 or 4 people in the picture and the people whose head was circled would get the prizes .
Is that for real ?
That 's for real !
That really happened !
And one time I can remember , I think it was Steve , my brother , um , he , and they would give treats like candy , I do n't even remember what all kinds of prizes the would give .
But for some reason , and I think this is really true , he got ice cream sandwiches !
Like a box of ice cream sandwiches .
And of course there 's nothing to do with a box of ice cream sandwiches when you 're at a 2-hour movie !
They 're going to melt !
And another , um , that was in , that was in High Point , NC .
And then we moved to Charlotte and we used to go to  and I do n't think its even still there I do n't know if the building is or not  but the Dilworth Theatre .
I lived in the Dilworth area , and we would go to the Dilworth Theatre and I do remember that it cost 9 cents to get a ticket to get in .
And we would , could go to the movie .
We would get maybe 15 cents each to go to the movie , and I sound like I 'm 95 years old-
with those kinds of prices .
Um , but we would go to the movie and then you would go in and get your , your snack that you wanted .
And there were several different choices .
I do n't ever remember getting popcorn at the movie until I was a teenager or in my adult life .
But we would , uh , buy , lollipops is what they call them now , but we called them suckers and we would get often a 2-cent sucker .
Are you making fun ?
No , I love this story .
And the 2-cent suckers is what is referred to now as a Tootsie Roll Pop .
And we called them 2-cent suckers because every other sucker cost a penny .
Except these were 2 cents because they had the Tootsie Roll in the middle .
And there was one other sucker that cost a nickel and we called that an all day sucker , just because you could n't eat the whole thing for the entire movie and you would really just have that sucker all day long .
And one other form of refreshment that we got , which really embarrassed my mother because she did n't know anything about this until she went with us to the movie one Saturday , there was a bakery next door to the movie theatre .
And my brothers and myself were not the only people that did this ; all the kids that would go to the movie knew to do this .
We would go into the bakery and we would ask for- -a nickel worth of scraps !
And we did n't even have to ask for it because the bakery lady knew us and she knew to have all this ready for all the kids going to the movie .
And what it was it was broken cookies and broken pieces of whatever happened while they were baking , mistakes .
So they would fill little bags for us and we would give them a nickel and we could take that to the movie theatre with us .
And that 's all the stories I can remember about the movies right now .
I do know that I did used to go the movie downtown at the Carolina Theatre .
And when I was young , it was n't a strange thing for the kids to just go off and go to a movie .
I mean , my mother knew where we were going and she knew when we would get back , but today you would n't send your seven or eight year old child to a movie theatre alone even if they were with their nine year old brother ; you just would n't do it .
And we could skate to the movie or ride a bicycle to the movie and we would do that .
Which is kind of sad that you ca n't do that anymore and it 's not just because things are , there 're bad people in the world but it 's too much traffic .
You have to check everything about a movie , check it out to see what the content is and just was n't like that when I was growing up .
Also about that same time period in my life , I guess again between seven and ten years old , which seems to be what I remember most vividly , my best friend uh , was Kathy Josey , and she was a next door neighbor also , and we remained friends up until , uh , she was about 35 and she passed away with cancer .
But we , we remained close friends .
In fact we shared an apartment , first apartment either one of us ever had .
And when we were , um , little girls we used to play " Career Girls " !
We did !
And we used to try to dress up and pretend we were businesswomen .
And we would go to work and pretend we had an apartment together and then when we grew up , we sure did ; we got an apartment .
Uh-huh .
Um , Kathy and I also used to play other kind of dress ups and it just , it seems like , I remember we both had like our mother 's long skirts , or the skirts would be long on us and we would literally wear dress up clothes that belonged to our mothers .
But we had , Kathy had one pair of pearls or beads of some sort of necklace that was her mother 's and I did n't have the necklace .
And it was really beautiful and I really , really wanted one .
So we only had the one necklace and we , er , we decided , I do n't know if it was jointly or if Kathy was just extremely nice of whatever , but she said I could wear it part of the time .
And we would literally time the amount of time , we wore it like 30 minutes or 15 minutes or whatever .
And the way we decided who got to wear it first , and this always kind of bothered me because I know Kathy did this intentionally , she said the youngest one got to wear it first and she was like six months younger than I am .
So , it , that became a normal thing with us .
Whenever we only had one of something she would always say , " Well , I think the youngest one gets to do it , or wear it or whatever first .
And , that just always stuck in my mind , that in , in our adult life I brought that up to her and she sort of acted like she did n't know anything about that and I thought to myself , " she does , " and then she laughed about it and she realized that she had kinda held a trump card on that one .
Um , also we did a lot of pretending and as I said we played career girls and the dress ups .
And my sister and I used to pretend also and Jill is about 2 years younger than I am , maybe two and a half , and we used to play Robin Hood except we did n't have a Maid Marion , we had a Saretha , I do n't know where in the world that name came from .
But we would switch playing Robin Hood , one would play Robin Hood and one would play Saretha .
And Saretha was the counter , would be the same thing as Maid Marion , and , why , again , I do n't know why we did n't use Maid Marion .
But in my mind I can remember playing that , like all day long .
And we would go over to my grandparents ' and they had a a big white house with a big front porch and , uh , banisters on it and a lot of rocking chairs out on the front porch .
And it was just a great place to pretend and we would climb up on the porch and on the banisters and we could make those our horses or , uh , it could be a castle ; just do many things with it .
Um , and when we were still living in High Point in our back yard we had a huge , I do n't know , I guess it was an oak tree , but it was a really big tree , but it was a climbable tree .
And it had real large , thick branches extending out to the side and they were fat enough branches where as a child of eight and nine years old we could straddle the branches .
And that was another game that Jill and I used to play ; we would pretend we were in the jungle and we would climb up on the tree and we would straddle the tree branches and pretend it was our elephant .
And in the yard , we had an old tree that had been cut down and just the stump was remaining and my mother had planted , um , flowers all around that stump and we would use that stump as a , as a throne and the princess got to sit up on that stump on that throne and have all those flowers around her and that would be the throne and she would be the queen or the princess or whatever .
When I was a teenager , an Audrey Hepburn movie came out called Wait Until Dark .
And I think I was probably 16 or 17 years old ; we were of driving age .
And I had a group of girlfriends that I ran around with and there were , golly , there might 've been 8 to 10 of us who were good friends .
Everybody had their own " best " friend but then we had one big group that we used to do a lot of things together .
Um , and we would , had that many girls but we would only go out in a couple of cars and I remember one of the girls , Betty Belle , her dad had a VW Beetle , and we 'd fit like 5 girls in that VW Beetle .
Did Betty Belle turn Catholic ?
No , huh-uh .
She did n't ?
No .
So we went out one night to the movie , but before we went to the movie we went to get pizza and then we went to , and I think the name of the place was The Open Kitchen , and we did n't have chain pizza places like we do now , like Pizza Hut and all that .
This was just a really neat pizza place that all the kids would go .
And we went to Open Kitchen and we would have eight or 10 girls and we would order one pizza and all share it and everyone would only get one piece and I think we would make the waitresses mad because we did n't have money to leave tips .
We would also drink water .
So it was n't a good situation for the waitresses , but we had fun and we did n't even think about it .
We just did what we could get away with .
Anyway , that night we were gon na go see Wait Until Dark and I think it was on at the Manor Theatre , and I just remember when you have like 10 or so girls going somewhere to the same place it 's kind of a , pretty much of a spectacle ; we 're all in this long line and we 're giggling and laughing and cutting up and having really a great time .
So we bought our tickets and we went into the Manor Theatre and we found a row of seats and we sat , file , all filed in .
And I just remember seeing , and I was sitting in a middle section , I was not on an end so I had girls I knew on both sides of me .
And I just remember that movie was , had a lot of hype about being really scary and suspenseful and it 's nothing like these movies that are out today like Scream and , what is it ?
Nightmare on Elm Street whatever it is , where they 're actual horror movies .
This was , uh , a real intense , um , drama and , just very scary ; kept you on the edge of your seat .
And there was a scene in the movie I remember where every one of us , and it was n't just our group , but so many people in the theatre , they screamed out at one time .
And that 's really all I remember about that night , it was just a lot of fun .
And I really hope that my daughters have had some nights like that and has had good times like that , that I can remember going out with good friends .
It was only natural for US National Security Adviser condoleezza Rice to make statements yesterday after what can be described as a oneupmanship of rudeness was inaugurated in Washington last week .
The legislative branch took part in this oneupmanship by issuing resolutions showing full allegiance to the radical right wing in Israel .
The US legislative branch even outbade the Israeli right wing .
If Rabbi Kahana were alive , he would have been regarded as a moderate person , compared to the US legislative branch .
Even the most radical Israeli hardliners expressed the idea of the transfer more politely than the most senior , elected US bodies , which called on the Palestinians to give up the West Bank and look for what they called another homeland .
The Congress ' resolutions and the statements made by leaders and members of the Congress revealed the US Administration 's harbored intentions .
Rice 's statements came to dot the i 's and cross the t 's .
They served as a crude example of the arrogance of power and attempts to control nations ' resources , dictate policies , and impose leaders through pressure and coercion .
The flagrant attack , which Condoleezza Rice launched on the Palestinian leadership yesterday , demonstrates how international dictatorship is practiced by the most powerful country on earth , which claims to be democratic and an advocate of nations ' right to choose their leaders .
Rice attacks the Palestinian leadership , which was democratically elected , as testified by international observers , including former US presidents .
However , she refrains from mentioning the elected Israeli leadership , which moved the Israeli army to occupy Palestinian cities , destroy homes over the heads of their owners , arrest thousands of innocent people , and carry out what many legal and international humanitarian circles described as war crimes or bloody massacres to say the least .
A prominent Israeli official , Shim'on Peres , said when his army moved into the Janin refugee camp : " I am afraid that a massacre may have been committed in the Janin camp . "
The Palestinians did not attack Israeli cities , did not arrest thousands of Israeli citizens , and did not blockade their cities and villages , as was done to the Palestinian people without exception .
Yet , the Palestinian leadership is denounced and attacked while the Israeli prime minister is praised .
The US president described him as a man of peace , thereby prompting the world 's ridicule sometimes and denunciation at other times .
So , why do Rice and the US Administration launch campaigns against , and interfere in the affairs of , the Palestinian leadership ?
Rice is aware of the fact that President Yasir Arafat remained under siege in his headquarters in Ramallah for five months , imposed on him by the superior Israeli military in violation of all the accords that were signed by former Israeli governments and guaranteed by the United States .
These accords explicitly stipulated that Israeli forces must not enter the Palestinian-controlled areas , which are called Areas A and cover all the Palestinian cities , naturally including Ramallah .
The US national security adviser should have called for ending the occupation and dismantling the settlements .
She knows for certain that this occupation and the settlements , which the Israeli government refuses to remove , represent the only major obstacle to peace .
For its part , the Palestinian leadership has always sought a just peace , not submission to plans aimed at writing off the Palestinian issue and swallowing the West Bank and Gaza Strip .
Moreover , the aim of these plans is to make the Palestinians yield to the dictates of the Israeli-US alliance , which seeks a mimic resolution to the Palestinian issue , which will perpetuate the occupation and facilitate the expansion of settlements .
No one , no matter who it is , has the right to meddle in the Palestinian domestic affairs or to impose on the Palestinian people a leadership favored by the US Administration and the Israeli Government and tailored according to their mutual interests .
Both Washington and Israel must realize that the Palestinian people are intelligent enough to read between the lines and understand the long-term aims behind Condoleezza Rice 's statements .
The calls in Washington for democracy , transparency , and corruption-free system are only made to serve US plans , not out of concern about nations ' interests .
However , there are two facts that ought to be highlighted .
The first is that the current Palestinian leadership represents the Palestinian people 's will , political convictions , and national aspirations .
The second fact is that if Washington is interested in democratic reforms in order to combat terrorism as it says it is , it should pressure the Israeli leadership to end its occupation of the Palestinian territories and stop its repressive practices against the Palestinian people .
The United States turns a blind eye to these practices , pretending to forget that they violate human rights and are continuously denounced by the international community .
U.S. Tells China Taiwan Remarks a Mistake - Xinhua
BEIJING -- The United States told China U.S. President George W. Bush had made a mistake when he called Taiwan a country in a speech last week , the official Xinhua news agency reported on Sunday .
Washington told China the U.S. government has not changed its Taiwan policy and said it would not refer to Taiwan in that way again , Xinhua quoted a foreign ministry spokeswoman as saying .
Reports in Taiwanese newspapers on Friday said Bush called the island the " Republic of Taiwan " and a " country " in a speech to diplomats and business executives on Thursday .
Calling Taiwan a country would threaten to compromise a major pillar of Sino-U.S .
relations , which were set up in 1979 largely based on a U.S. nod to the " One China " Principle , which states that Taiwan is a part of China , Reuters reported .
Beijing , which regards the island as a wayward province to be reunited with the mainland by force if necessary , asked for an explanation on Saturday of why Bush had referred to Taiwan as a country .
Taiwan 's ***United Daily News ***quoted a U.S. official as saying Bush 's labeling Taiwan as a republic was a " slip of the tongue " and indicated no shift in U.S. policy .
Bush was referring to the entry late last year and this year of China and Taiwan , respectively , into the World Trade Organization , reports said .
The English-language ***Taipei Times ***newspaper quoted Bush as saying it was " important to recognize and to welcome both countries , both the Republic of Taiwan , and of course China , into the World Trade Organization . "
The Taiwan issue has often caused rough patches in bilateral ties and U.S. arms sales to Taiwan have angered Beijing .
Last month an editorial in the official ***China Daily *** newspaper said Beijing felt " betrayed " after a U.S. decision to allow Taiwanese Defense Minister Tang Yiau-Ming into the United States for talks with Defense officials and warned of a setback in Sino-U.S. ties .
But foreign ministry officials later confirmed both sides were moving ahead with plans for a scheduled visit by Chinese Vice-President Hu Jintao to the United States in late April .
JAMMU , Apr 2 -- Chief Minister Dr. Farooq Abdullah today accused Pakistan army for breeding terrorism in India to remain in power against the wishes of their people who want peace .
'For their sustenance and survival , Pak generals have been throttling the voice of Pakistanis who wish to live in friendship and cordiality with their neighbours ' , the Chief Minister said while addressing a function organised by United Public High School at Channi Himat here this afternoon .
The Chief Minister described Pakistan as mother of terrorism and said if the world has to rid itself from this menace , the perpetrators across the border had to be dealt with firmly .
He said mere positioning of army at borders was not enough as infiltration was still continuing .
The ultras were indulging in blood-shed and their lunaticism has touched such heights that they were not even sparing the worship places , he said and referred to the attack in Raghunath bazaar and temple complex .
He cautioned the people against the enemy and said that extra vigil will certainly help in nabbing suspects .
Reiterating that Pakistan will not give up terror , the Chief Minister said that ultimately the demon they have reared will eat up their own vitals .
'Those digging graves for others , get engraved themselves ' , he said while citing the example of Afghanistan .
He said Pakistan is attempting hard to put India in communal flames so that forces are withdrawn from the borders to deal with the internal situations , thereby leaving field day for ultras to cross over to this side .
Dr Abdullah also dwelt on the spread of education saying that teaching younger generation means steering the nation to prosperity and progress .
'Concentrate on those today who are the builders of nation tomorrow ' , he asked the teachers community while appreciating the involvement of parents in career building of their wards .
Responding to the demands put forth in a memorandum by the residents of Chhanni Himmat , Narwal , Malik Marker Bye-Pass , Chhanni Bija , Chhanni Rama , Chhanni Kamala and Ambedkar Nagar , the Chief Minister said that he will get examined the issue regarding addition of 11th and 12th classes in the area .
He called for launching a coaching class for various competitive exams , as the area has no such facility .
Dr Abdullah also dwelt on various social services in the area and said that answer to meeting the growing demand of tap water in various localities of Jammu is tapping of Chenab water for the purpose .
In this regard , he said , a Rs 400 crore scheme had been prepared a few years back that is currently under process for implementation .
Expressing concern over dwindling moral values in the society , the Chief Minister said that youngsters must get inspiration from their glorious past and respect their parents and teachers .
He said due regard to elders and teachers is imperative for harmonious society .
Dr. Abdullah presented best teacher award and appreciated the performance of student artists who presented cultural items .
Minister for Sports and Labour , Mr. Harbans Singh was the chief guest .
He also spoke on the occasion .
Among others present were , Mr. Mohammed Syed Akhoon and Mrs Bimla Luthra , MLAs [ Ministers of Legislative Assembly ] besides students and parents .
Mr Akhoon presented a memento to the Chief Minister on behalf of the management of the school .
The elected president of the people of Venezuela , " Hugo Chavez " [ punctuation as published here and throughout ] , has once more taken up the reins of power at the presidential palace in Caracas .
The rapid events and the changing of power in Venezuela indicate that the putschists did not enjoy a popular base and the Venezuelan people as well as the military in the country did not endorse the coup government of " Pedro Carmona " who was being supported by America .
America was the only country that came to the support of the putschists immediately after they took power in Venezuela .
Moreover , in its posturing with respect to this country , America declared that democracy had been victorious in Venezuela .
America called the action of several military generals , who were supported by capitalist as well as bankers , as the victory of democracy in Venezuela under circumstances where Hugo Chavez had come to power in 1988 through a popular process .
What is more , the promoting of a constitutional reform plan and carrying out of extensive economic reforms have led to his re-election in July 2000 as the president of Venezuela for a further six year term .
A number of observers believe that the reasons behind America 's opposition to Chavez and its support for Venezuela under the generals who carried out the coup against him go back to the domestic and foreign plans and policies of Chavez .
Following a series of domestic reforms , especially in the agriculture , energy and banking sectors and describing communism and capitalism as futile , Chavez caused the business leaders , bankers and capitalist to distance themselves from him and thus paved the way for their opposition to his power .
The new laws were described by leaders of the economy as deviant and unfair and these leaders organised and stage-managed street demonstrations against Chavez with the help of the biggest trade and commercial unions as well as a sector of the army .
Outside the borders of Venezuela , Chavez faced America 's hostility .
This is something that the American officials have acknowledged on many occasions .
They had been thinking about ways of ousting Chavez from the presidential palace in Caracas .
Ever since he came to power , Chavez had refused to accept America 's biding and had called on Washington on numerous occasions to stop intervening in his country .
He also accused America of killing innocent children and people during the Afghan war , met with " Mo'ammar Qadhafi " and " Saddam Hoseyn " , the presidents of Libya and Iraq and long-term enemies of Washington , and had a very close relationship with the Cuban leader " Fidel Castro " .
The combination of Chavez 's performance and policies brought on the wrath of American President Bush to the extent that he failed to hide his anger during his visit to Peru .
During his meetings with Peruvian officials , Bush spoke of America 's dislike of Chavez .
Moreover , the American Secretary of State " Powell " also has recently announced in his annual report to the American Congress that taking into account Hugo Chavez 's closeness to countries that are not dependent on America , he is not considered to be a trustworthy pawn in the Latin American region .
Powell had stressed that Venezuela is able to , as in the past , that is to say , the era of the military rule in that country , play an effective role in America 's policies in Latin America .
Besides these instances of American hostility towards Chavez , mention must be made of his oil policy within OPEC .
In recent years , Chavez caused OPEC oil policies to be strengthened in the face of the positions adopted by oil consumers .
He has managed to a great extent to adopt policies aligned with other oil producing states whenever oil crises have emerged that led to reduced oil prices in the market .
That is to say , he adopted positions where supply of oil by OPEC would be reduced and oil prices supported .
This is while before Chavez , Venezuela used to be called the " errant member " within OPEC , a member that would follow less the concerted decisions of OPEC and observe less its own quotas .
This is why one can not dismiss the effects of the intensification of the Middle East crisis , Iraq 's initiative in using crude oil as a political weapon against Washington and the debate on an extensive oil embargo against the supporters of Israel on the events of the past few days in Venezuela as well as America 's support for the putschists there .
America was trying to guarantee the flow of Venezuelan crude oil to itself by overthrowing Chavez and the seizing of power in the Venezuelan presidential palace by the dependent generals .
The people of Venezuela thwarted America in this .
Finally , America prescribes liberal democracy for others yet fails itself to accord any value to democratic principles in the world .
The Bush administration 's support for the Venezuelan putschists is testament to this .
Japan , U.S. Differ Over Global Warming Issues
Japanese Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi and visiting U.S. President George W. Bush differed over the Kyoto Protocol and how to prevent global warming but agreed to cooperate on that issue .
Bush repeated his rejection of the 1997 Kyoto Protocol aimed atcurbing global warming , and pushed for the alternative he announced last week .
Koizumi , meanwhile , called the new U.S. plan " a very constructive proposal , " but asked for more efforts from the UnitedStates .
" It is for the U.S. to decide whether to take part in the protocol or not , but I hope we will continue with our efforts so we can move in the same direction , " said Koizumi , who supports theKyoto Protocol .
" Both the economy and the environment can be improved together .
We 'd like to see further efforts on the part of the U.S. , " the Japanese leader added .
Bush rejected the Kyoto pact last March , saying that it would hurt U.S. economic growth .
The U.S. president announced an alternative proposal last week , calling for voluntary limits on greenhouse gas emissions by companies in accordance with economic growth instead of mandatory reduction targets presented in the Kyoto pact .
The proposal is criticized by environmentalists as ineffective for solving global warming and warn that under the plan U.S. greenhouse gas emissions will continue to rise .
In Monday 's summit talks , Bush and Koizumi agreed to cooperate together with other countries , including developing nations , on the issue of global warming .
Japan and the U.S. can cooperate over the development of new technologies in the field and that such technologies will help notonly the environment but also economic development , they agreed .
Tokyo irked by US stance on Kyoto
TOKYO - Coral reefs will die from water that 's too hot .
Polar bears will have less room to roam , crowding some of them out of existence .
Birds will start flying an extra mile north each year , and may starve when they get there .
These are among the dire possible consequences of global warming , say climate-change experts .
At no time was it clearer that countries should take steps to slow this process than when 150 countries signed the Kyoto Protocol in 1997 .
But now , with President George Bush saying the US will not ratify the protocol - which was shaped in part to fit Washington 's concerns five years ago - the accord 's ultimate effectiveness is in doubt , and many US allies are irritated .
For Japan , a nation of nature-lovers , the shaping of the accord on their soil was a source of pride - and proof that they were still relevant players on the world stage .
" It is absolutely inadmissible for the US , which is the greatest gas-emitting country , to once again turn its back and present something that is against Kyoto Protocol and the framework convention on climate change , " says Mie Asaoka , president of the Kiko Network , a Tokyo environmental-umbrella organization representing about 150 Japanese groups .
The clash over how to stop global warming while allowing sluggish economies to prosper occurs at an awkward point in US-Japanese relations .
US analysts looking east say that as Japan 's economic dominance in Asia diminishes , so will the importance of the US-Japan relationship as a whole .
The US Department of Defense recently left Japan off its list of nations contributing to the post-Sept. 11 war on terror .
Realizing the accidental slight , the US later apologized for overlooking Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi 's efforts - considered tremendously ambitious here - to alter the interpretation of Japan 's post-World War II pacifist constitution in order to dispatch warships for noncombat support .
During Mr. Bush 's visit here last month , Mr. Koizumi gently balked at the president 's proposed alternative to the Kyoto agreement , saying that Japan would " like to see further efforts " on the part of the US .
While there are no protesters in the streets , there is an air of indignation here over Washington 's " do-it-our-way " decision on something that effects the whole globe .
Among the Kiko Network 's handouts is a pamphlet with a cartoon of the world .
On one end , Koizumi defensively holds up the Kyoto Protocol .
On the other , a fiendish-looking Bush seizes a weeping globe in his monster-size hands .
In the eyes of Japan and many US allies , the Bush administration 's decision not to ratify the Kyoto Protocol is one of many signals that Washington is growing increasingly unilateralist in the six months since the Sept. 11 attacks on America .
From pulling out of Kyoto - which is in the process of being ratified by the European Union - to labeling Iran , Iraq , and North Korea an " axis of evil " and prime targets in the next phase of the war , America 's allies are seeing in the US a growing tendency to act first and consult later .
The Bush administration is offering its own alternative plan , the Clear Skies and Global Climate Change Initiatives , which aides say are more market-sensitive and will reduce the worst air pollutants by 70 percent while finding a strategy to cut greenhouse gas intensity by 18 percent over the next 10 years .
But environmental advocates say Bush 's alternative will allow the US to continue to increase the amount of gas it emits .
They fear that , because the US is forging its own way , smaller nations that are expected to ratify the Kyoto Protocol could start backing out .
This could lead to a two-tier system in which the US and a few others - Australia and Canada may follow suit - will choose their own targets , while the rest of the world will be limited to the stricter Kyoto limits .
Not everyone in Japan is upset with Bush 's alternative .
Japanese industry has already gone through vigorous energy-saving - and thus environmentally friendly - drives after the two energy crises of the 1970s and 1980s , says Mitsuru Shinozaki , a spokesman for Keidanren , the country 's most influential business lobby .
After the Earth Summit of 10 years ago , he says , Japan discussed and implemented a self-action plan to reduce carbon-dioxide emissions .
" Any further policy to reduce emissions , " he says " will hurt Japanese industrial competitiveness . "
Why Kyoto is a rip-off
According to a study released last week by the Canadian Manufacturers and Exporters , implementation of the 1997 Kyoto global warming treaty would cost our economy 450,000 jobs and as much as $ 40-billion .
But Jean Chretien is not worried .
" I do n't accept these figures , " the Prime Minister said .
" There is nothing to be gained by frightening people when all the facts are not known . "
But the $ 40-billion figure , far from being conceived to " frighten " Canadians , is plucked straight from government documents .
According to a report released in 2000 by the National Air Issues Co-ordinating Committee on Climate Change , a group staffed by officials from the federal , provincial and territorial governments , hitting Canada 's Kyoto target may mean " the loss of roughly one year 's growth , or , viewed in absolute terms , in 2010 , the loss in annual economic output of approximately $ 40-billion ( or $ 1,100 per capita ) . "
This is not a price worth paying .
Governments are expected to protect the national economy , and they should deviate from that mission only when crucial national interests are at stake ( fighting terrorism , for example ) .
Yet rising temperatures pose little threat to Canada .
In its authoritative Feb. , 2001 , report on the projected impacts of global warming , the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change identified several threats to Canadian ecosystems , but concluded that our farmers would generally benefit from warmer temperatures .
( Non-farming Canadians , most of whom spend at least part of the winter months scraping ice off their cars , chopping firewood and shovelling their walks , will profit as well . )
As for the globally felt benefits that would follow from Canada 's implementation of the Kyoto protocol , they are slight .
By 2010 , our $ 40-billion sacrifice would yield an expected reduction in annual carbon and carbon-equivalent emissions of about 46-million tonnes -- just 1/200th of the world 's total projected greenhouse gas output .
Even if Canada managed to convince the United States and every other Kyoto signatory to ratify the protocol , world carbon dioxide emissions would still soar .
According to the U.S. Energy Information Administration , world energy consumption will increase by about 60 % between now and 2020 , with most of the upsurge expected to come from developing nations , which are not covered by the Kyoto Protocol .
Under the fully implemented treaty , carbon dioxide emissions would grow 26 % during the 1990-2010 period .
Without Kyoto , the figure would be 34 % .
The worldwide cost of that 8 % dip : about $ 2-trillion in lost GDP -- give or take a trillion .
There are better ways to spend that money .
Instead of trying to cap carbon dioxide emissions -- a costly burden at home and an impossible task in the developing world -- we should focus on abating the damage global warming does in at-risk nations .
If scientists are correct , higher temperatures and rising sea levels will depress grain yields in Africa and parts of Asia , fuel the spread of diseases , and threaten coastal nations such as Bangladesh and Senegal .
But these problems can be abated , or even eliminated , with Western assistance .
While helping Third World nations plant new crops , vaccinate people and relocate coastal towns will be costly , the bottom line will likely be only a fraction of Kyoto 's 13-digit price tag .
SOFIA , Sept 26 ( AFP ) - A Bulgarian businessman claimed Wednesday that aides to Osama bin Laden approached him in April to try to purchase spent nuclear fuel from a Bulgarian plant and that he met with the Saudi dissident .
The businessman , who identified himself as Ivan Ivanov and has worked in India , Pakistan , Sri Lanka and the United Arab Emirates , told AFP that a group of Pakistani nationals introduced him to bin Laden , the prime suspect in the US terrorist attacks , on April 10 in Peshawar .
A young Arab chemical engineer contacted him the next day , he said , to ask him to act as an intermediary in the sale of the nuclear fuel from the Kozlodui nuclear power plant .
The businessman said he turned down an offer of a 200,000 dollar commission for the sale .
The head of the nuclear energy department at Bulgaria 's energy agency separately said he could not imagine a terrorist organisation making a bomb out of products from the reactors at the Kozlodui power station .
" There is no possibility of legally selling the nuclear waste .
They are stockpiled in a secure depot located inside the power station before being sent to Russia to be processed , " said Anton Ivanov .
Researchers from the Weizmann Institute in Rehovot and the Technion in Haifa have developed a computer so tiny that a trillion of them could fit into a laboratory test tube .
The " computers " are biological molecules , using DNA for software and enzymes for hardware , and can solve a billion mathematical problems a second .
Such tiny devices could one day fit into cells and supervise biological processes , or even synthesize drugs .
DNA strands exist in almost every body cell -- they are biological software that tell each cell and molecule what to do .
" If you look at the mechanism of a cell , a lot of what goes on inside is computation .
We do n't need to teach the cell new tricks , we just need to put the existing tricks in the right order , " says Prof. Ehud Shapiro of the Weizmann Institute , who headed the research .
Some scientists believe DNA-based computers could have an advantage over existing computers based on silicon chips .
Artificial chips have reached their limits and ca n't get any smaller .
But , say the scientists , tiny DNA strands can store huge amounts of information in minuscule space -- one cubic centimeter of DNA can store more information than a trillion CDs .
Prof. Shapiro says the molecular computer is the first of its kind .
Although computers with DNA input and output have been made before , they have always involved a laborious series of reactions , each requiring human supervision .
" Previous biological computers were the same size as the room in which the supervisors and computer equipment worked , " said Shapiro .
" With the new method , all you need do to get an answer is put all the ingredients into a test tube , mix them together , and check to see what the output is . "
For now biological computers only know how to answer simple questions with a " yes " or " no " response .
A typical question would be : In the sequence " AAB " is there an equal number of As and Bs ?
Nevertheless , several researchers worldwide have hailed the computers as an important new development .
" They work better than anything I 've seen so far , " said Eric Baum , a computer scientist at the NEC Research Institute in Princeton , New Jersey .
Although he questions whether biomolecular computers will ever become really useful , he believes they are a " step in the right direction . "
Professor Shapiro and a growing number of other scientists believe DNA-based computers may lead to a number of useful applications -- they could be planted inside cells , where they would watch for irregularities or even synthesize drugs .
The computer simulates the cell 's natural mechanisms with an accuracy level of 99.8 percent .
Natural DNA processes also involve inaccuracies which are corrected by other genes , says Shapiro , and it is almost impossible to reach absolute accuracy using biological systems .
However , for the uses for which the computers are designated , this level of accuracy is adequate .
So how does such a computer work ?
Let 's say the computer wants to know whether the number of times a " B " DNA type appears in a DNA section is odd or even .
The DNA section -- the " input " -- is inserted into a chemical solution along with enzymes to be used as the computer 's " hardware " .
Other DNA sections are added , which act as " software " .
A software section sticks to the input with the help of an enzyme .
If the tip of the input is " B " , the input will be labeled as having an odd number of " B " sequences .
Another enzyme then cuts the section and reveals the next sequence .
Each time " B " appears , the label on the input changes from " even " to " odd " and back again .
Once the computer has dissected the entire input , it can determine whether the sequence appeared an even or odd number of times according to the last label -- the " output " .
The computer can also do other calculations , such as checking whether the " B " sequence appears at least once , or at most once , by inserting different types of software DNAs .
TEHRAN The concluding ceremony of the First International Police and Security Equipment Exhibition was held last Thursday , the exhibition 's Public Relations Office said in a statement .
At the ceremony , which was held in the presence of some security and government officials as well as a large number of foreign ambassadors and military attaches from 15 foreign countries , the participants praised those companies which emerged superior at the exhibition .
At this ceremony , Seyed Mohammad Jalali Parvin , the managing director and a member of the board of directors of the Islamic Republic of Iran 's Law Enforcement Forces ' Cooperatives Foundation , presented some awards to the superior companies which had taken part at the exhibition .
Touching on the importance of modern technology in preventing and reducing crimes in society , Parvin also thanked the active participation of local and foreign companies at Iran 's First International Police and Security Equipment exhibition .
He also assessed the achievements of the exhibition as very useful and satisfactory , hoping that the police and security forces would be equipped with the latest and most modern technology so that they can expedite their activities in their campaign against crimes .
Pointing to the presence of Interpol officers and the representatives , ambassadors and military attaches from different countries , including Russia , Saudi Arabia , Slovakia and Italy , Parvin said despite the fact that it was the first exhibition of its kind in Iran , it was extensively welcomed by many companies .
He also gave the news about the holding of a similar exhibition by Iran and Russia in Moscow and hoped that the Iranian companies would present their equipment at this exhibition .
At this ceremony , the Iranian Sa-Iran , Ava-e Nasr-e Novin and Mahan Industry companies as well as foreign companies from Russia , Britain , and the Netherlands received awards as the superior companies at the exhibition .
Fashioning Paula
USA Today leads with Texas ' settlement of its product-liability lawsuit against the leading tobacco companies .
The top nonlocal story at the Washington Post is the latest development in the Indonesian economic crisis -- a rare and boosterish Suharto press conference in contrast to a further plunging stock market and food riots in outlying towns .
The New York Times leads with a comprehensive poll about American attitudes concerning abortion .
In the Texas case , reports USAT , the defendant companies have agreed to pay about $ 15 billion over 25 years to reimburse the state for expenses it incurred in the treatment of smoking-related illnesses .
That makes Texas the third state to settle such a case , joining Florida and Mississippi .
There are , says the paper , a total of 40 such suits on file , with Minnesota 's turn coming next week .
The Wall Street Journal states that the plaintiffs ' lawyers hired by Texas to try the case will receive as part of the deal almost $ 2.2 billion in fees .
The NYT abortion survey , the first conducted by the paper since 1989 , was based on telephone interviews of 1,101 people and detects " a notable shift from general acceptance " of having the procedure : from 40 percent to 32 percent .
And the pollsters also detected an increasingly acute sensitivity to abortion timing : Sixty-one percent of those polled thought abortions should be permitted during the first trimester , but only 15 percent in the second and just 7 percent in the third .
The piece notes that this last stat helps explain why a focus on partial-birth abortions has proven politically advantageous for abortion foes .
Nearly 45 percent of those asked to state the present law on abortion could not give the correct answer .
The WSJ notes that the just-concluded football/TV deal will probably mean even steeper cable bills in the near future .
Some local cable companies , the paper says , expect the fees they 'll pay ESPN to go up more than 20 percent .
And they 're in the habit of passing expenses along to Joe Remote .
Even nonsports fans will be affected , notes the Journal , because ESPN is usually part of basic cable service .
Which raises the question : Hasn't technology progressed to a point that would allow cafeteria-style programming choices by subscribers ?
A scan of the headlines found cheek-by-jowl on the WP 's Page A6 provides an interesting snapshot of the life of the modern Cabinet officer : " [ Ex-HUD Secretary ] Cisneros 's Ex-Mistress Pleads Guilty , " " [ Labor Secretary ] Herman Denies Allegations of Influence-Selling Scheme , " and " Two Tyson Foods Executive Indicted Over Gifts to [ Ex-Agriculture Secretary ] Espy .
The WSJ reports that , according to an MIT survey , Americans are twice as likely to back a tax increase going toward the search for extraterrestrials than one for gene-cloning research .
The NYT reports that today 's issue of the journal Science will describe an experiment in which people 's biological clocks were reset three hours by shining a bright light on the back of their knees .
The finding , if it holds up , says the Times , may lead to a simple way for airline travelers to fight jet lag .
Yesterday 's Los Angeles Times ran a story under the headline " Paula Jones Works on Her Court Appearance , " which , illustrated by pictures of Jones , was all about the various looks she 's had since stepping on the public stage .
The piece concluded that she 's finally graduated to an image that's " sophisticated yet soft .
Today 's WP " Style " section ( that 's the opposite of substance , remember ) picks up that ball and runs with it , with a lengthy discourse on the new PJ .
It is , " hyperventilates the Post , one of the most jaw-dropping public make-overs ever .
Jones apparently has " smoothed the frizzy mane of curls that once reached to such dazzling heights .
Her makeup is now subtle and based on natural , not neon , hues .
Her clothing is inspired by the boardroom instead of the secretarial pool .
She has embraced the markers of dignity , refinement and power .
In true newspaper overkill fashion , the piece backs this up by consulting Cynde Watson , national makeup artist for Bobbi Brown Essentials , and Steven Zdatny , a historian at West Virginia University specializing in the aesthetics and politics of hair .
The placement of these two pieces is a PR triumph , but one carrying the seeds of its own destruction : If people know all this work is going into making Paula Jones seem a certain someone , does n't that just make it obvious that she 's really somebody else ?
START
Kyle Technology Corp .
said a Seattle investor has signed a letter of intent to buy the company for about $ 3.1 million , or $ 1.20 a share .
The investor , Donald A. Wright , plans to run the company , said a spokesman for Kyle .
The transaction has been approved by Kyle 's board , but requires the approval of the company 's shareholders .
Kyle manufactures electronic components .
HONG KONG , Nov 21 ( AFP ) -- The number of south Asians seeking political asylum in Hong Kong is on the rise following the US-led military campaign in Afghanistan , it was reported Wednesday .
Some 200 South Asians , most claiming to be businessmen , had sought political asylum from the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees in Hong Kong between August and October , double the total number applying over the past seven years , the mass-circulating Chinese paper Oriental Daily News said .
Most of the claimants were from Pakistan , while the rest were from Sri Lanka , Bangladesh and Indonesia .
They entered Hong Kong through the Chek Lap Kok international airport or from Lo Wu checkpoints with the mainland .
A spokesman for the security bureau said Hong Kong would not grant anyone political asylum under present policies .
The senior management of the Hong Kong government , however , was shocked by the surge and was worried that some people might use it as a means to remain in Hong Kong indefinitely , the report said .
It said the immigration department had already been instructed to step up its checks on suspicious travellers .
The world 's refugee problem was thrust back into the global spotlight in September following Australia 's refusal to accept 438 mainly Afghan refugees rescued from a leaking ship and stranded at sea for days .
Hong Kong closed its last refugee camp , for Vietnamese migrants , last year after the 1,400 remaining boat people were allowed to remain .
They were left over from the surge of some 230,000 refugees into the territory following the fall of Saigon in 1975 .
The territory spent 8.7 billion dollars looking after them .
Cardoso says US decision on greenhouse gases is positive
Brasilia , 13 ( Agencia Brasil - ABr ) - Today president Fernando Henrique Cardoso declared that the US decision to adopt measures to control greenhouse gases is positive , even though there was a formal decision not to ratify the Kyoto Protocol .
" The United States is an important party to the convention .
I hope the measures adopted domestically will have the same effect as adhering to the Kyoto Protocol , " said Cardoso .
START
Unisys Corp .
's announcement Friday of a $ 648.2 million loss for the third quarter showed that the company is moving even faster than expected to take write-offs on its various problems and prepare for a turnaround next year .
At the same time , the sheer size of the loss , coupled with a slowing of orders , made some securities analysts wonder just how strong that turnaround will be at the computer maker and defense-electronics concern .
Unisys is getting clobbered .
Just clobbered , " said Ulric Weil , an analyst at Weil & Associates who had once been high on the company .
The quarter was terrible , and the future looks anything but encouraging .
Unisys , whose revenue inched up 3.7 % in the quarter to $ 2.35 billion from $ 2.27 billion in the year-earlier quarter , had an operating loss of about $ 30 million .
On top of that , the Blue Bell , Pa .
concern took a $ 230 million charge related to the layoffs of 8,000 employees .
That is at the high end of the range of 7,000 to 8,000 employees that Unisys said a month ago would be laid off .
Unisys said that should help it save $ 500 million a year in costs , again at the high end of the previously reported range of $ 400 million to $ 500 million .
The company also took a write-off of $ 150 million to cover losses on some fixed-price defense contracts , as some new managers took a hard look at the prospects for that slow-growing business .
In addition , Unisys set up an unspecified reserve -- apparently $ 60 million to $ 70 million -- to cover the minimum amount it will have to pay the government because of its involvement in the defense-procurement scandal .
Unisys also noted that it paid $ 78.8 million in taxes during the quarter , even though tax payments normally would be minimal in a quarter that produced such a big loss .
The tax payments will leave Unisys with $ 225 million in loss carry-forwards that will cut tax payments in future quarters .
In addition , Unisys said it reduced computer inventories a further $ 100 million during the quarter , leaving it within $ 100 million of its goal of a reduction of $ 500 million by the end of the year .
Still , Unisys said its European business was weak during the quarter , a worrisome sign given that the company has relied on solid results overseas to overcome weakness in the U.S. over the past several quarters .
The company also reported slower growth in another important business : systems that use the Unix operating system .
That would be a huge problem if it were to continue , because Unisys is betting its business on the assumption that customers want to move away from using operating systems that run on only one manufacturer 's equipment and toward systems -- mainly Unix -- that work on almost anyone 's machines .
In addition , Unisys must deal with its increasingly oppressive debt load .
Debt has risen to around $ 4 billion , or about 50 % of total capitalization .
That means Unisys must pay about $ 100 million in interest every quarter , on top of $ 27 million in dividends on preferred stock .
Jim Unruh , Unisys 's president , said he is approaching next year with caution .
He said the strength of the world-wide economy is suspect , and does n't see much revenue growth in the cards .
He also said that the price wars flaring up in parts of the computer industry will continue through next year .
He said the move toward standard operating systems means customers are n't locked into buying from their traditional computer supplier and can force prices down .
That , he said , is why Unisys is overhauling its whole business : It needs to prepare for a world in which profit margins will be lower than computer companies have been used to .
We 've approached this not as a response to a temporary condition in the industry but as a fundamental change the industry is going through , " Mr. Unruh said .
The information-systems industry is still going to be a high-growth business , and we 're confident that we have tremendous assets as a company .
But we do n't minimize the challenges of the near term .
Securities analysts were even more cautious , having been burned repeatedly on Unisys this year .
Some had predicted earnings of more than $ 4 a share for this year , up from last year 's fully diluted $ 3.27 a share on earnings of $ 680.6 million .
But the company said Friday that it had losses of $ 673.3 million through the first nine months , compared with earnings a year earlier of $ 382.2 million , or $ 2.22 a share fully diluted , as revenue inched up 1.4 % to $ 7.13 billion from $ 7.03 billion .
And Unisys is expected to do little better than break even in the fourth quarter .
So Steve Milunovich at First Boston said he is cutting his earnings estimate for next year to $ 2 a share from $ 3 .
I was feeling like I was too high to begin with , " he said .
Mr .
Weil of Weil & Associates said he will remain at $ 1 a share for next year but said he wonders whether even that low target is at risk .
The break-even point for next year is much lower , but is it low enough ?
he asked .
Reflecting the concern , Unisys stock fell a further 75 cents to $ 16.25 in composite trading Friday on the New York Stock Exchange .
18 ( CNA ) -- The Republic of China government believes in the US commitment to separating its anti-terrorism campaign from the Taiwan Strait issue , a senior Ministry of Foreign Affairs ( MOFA ) official said Thursday .
Stanley Kao , director of MOFA 's North American Affairs Department , made the remarks amid mounting concerns about the possibility that the United States could compromise Taiwan 's interests in exchange for mainland China 's cooperation in the current US-led war on global terrorism .
Kao said US President George W. Bush 's trip to Shanghai is mainly to attend the annual informal leadership meeting of the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation ( APEC ) forum to seek expansion of the anti-terrorism coalition .
Prior to his departure for Shanghai , Bush said during his meeting with mainland Chinese President Jiang Zemin , he will reaffirm to Jiang the US support for the " one China " policy as well as its desire to see a peaceful solution to all disputes between the two sides of the Taiwan Strait .
Kao said several senior Bush administration officials , including Secretary of State Colin Powell , has also made reassurances that the United States would not seek mainland China 's support for the anti-terrorism campaign at the expense of Taiwan .
" We believe in the sincerity of the United States in promising not to mix up its counter-terrorism drive with the Taiwan Strait issue , " Kao said , adding that relevant US officials have on many occasions reaffirmed similar commitments to the ROC .
Commenting on a Washington Post report that the Bush administration was considering waiving sanctions that bar sales of military-related equipment to mainland China , Kao said MOFA is trying to obtain more information about the report .
In his view , Kao said the cross-strait balance of military power is critical to the ROC 's national security .
Noting that the United States has consistently attached great importance to Asia-Pacific regional stability and security , Kao said the robust US arms sales package to Taiwan struck in April this year signifies that the United States is serious about security in the region .
Against this backdrop , Kao said , the ROC government is optimistic about defense cooperation with the United States .
Meanwhile , a foreign wire service report from Shanghai quoted a senior US Department of State official as saying Wednesday that the Bush administration has no plans to ease sanctions against mainland China .
The US official told reporters traveling with Powell en route to Shanghai for an APEC meeting that he unequivocally denied the Washington Post report that said the Bush administration was considering such a move , specifically to allow sales of spare parts for mainland Chinese-owned helicopters as another weapon in the US war on terrorism .
" There 's no such sale or waiver contemplated , " he said .
The Post quoted US officials as saying the White House was considering a waiver of sanctions imposed after the 1989 Tiananmen Square crackdown in Beijing to allow the sale of parts for Black Hawks that Washington sold to mainland China in the 1980s .
It said the helicopters were designed for high altitudes typical of much of mainland China , including its Afghan border .
Afghanistan is now under US bombardment for refusing to hand over the chief suspect in the Sept. 11 attacks on New York and Washington , Saudi-born dissident Osama bin Laden [ Usama Bin Ladin ] .
MDC leader Tsvangirai at it again in South Africa
OPPOSITION youths are agitating to get guns to " shoot " President Mugabe " out of office , " MDC leader , Mr Morgan Tsvangirai said in South Africa yesterday
Speaking in an address to the Cape Town Press club , Mr Tsvangirai , who is on a visit to South Africa , was quoted by Reuters as saying he was having to " rein in militants keen to fight President Mugabe 's rule " .
" The first choice is to commit ourselves to the constitutional path with all its obstacles .
We are saying we will not resort to any violent overthrow or to any violent means , " he was quoted as having said .
" ... You have people who are 20 years and 30 years ( and ) below who are asking if we can get guns and go and shoot the man out of office , but I say : Please , that is the most dangerous thing you can ever do , " he said .
Mr Tsvangirai endorsed a United States proposal for targeted sanctions against President Mugabe and members of his Government but said full economic sanctions would be a ruinous mistake .
The US Congress is set to consider the Zimbabwe Democracy and Economic Recovery Bill , which seeks to impose sanctions on Harare .
Mr Tsvangirai called for international action to ensure a free and fair presidential election .
But he opposed any steps that could plunge the country deeper into a recession that has already pushed unemployment , inflation and interest rates above 60 percent .
" If sanctions are imposed on Zimbabwe , it will not survive .
That is why , as MDC , we are reluctant at this stage to endorse the sanctions option .
" Until such time as Mugabe actually subverts the electoral process - when one goes to that extreme , international sanctions will be an option .
" However , we do support certain limitations on the villains of the crisis in Zimbabwe , " he said .
Mr Tsvangirai might face charges of contravening the Law and Order Maintenance Act for allegedly threatening to violently remove President Mugabe from power last year .
His trial was set to start at the High Court in May but the case was referred to the High Court after he challenged the legality of LOMA in the Supreme Court .
The superior court has since heard State and defence arguments on the legality of the charges being laid against the opposition leader and reserved judgment .
If the Supreme Court rules in favour of Mr Tsvangirai , who if convicted on the charges might face life imprisonment , the Attorney General 's Office will have to draw up a new charge .
But if the appeal fails , the matter will be referred back to the High Court for trial .
Charges against the MDC leader arose after he allegedly told a crowd at the party 's first anniversary last year that " ... Zvatichada , what we would like to tell Mugabe today is that ... please go peacefully .
If you do n't want to go peacefully , we will remove you violently . "
That according to the State constituted a breach of the LOMA .
The MDC leader also alleged that the Government was trying to provoke protests that could be used as an excuse to suspend democracy .
But analysts expressed concern that the MDC leader is " flirting with mercenaries in South Africa " .
" But anyone who wants to speak the language of violence where Zimbabwe is concerned is playing with fire .
Zimbabwe 's performance in Mozambique , Somalia and the DRC speaks for itself .
" The quickest defeat of Tsvangirai and his MDC lot would come if they chose the path of violence , " an analyst who spoke on condition of anonymity said .
It is clear that the proposals for US action on climate change are domestic .
But the EU is concerned that they will not even be sufficient to reduce US emissions .
The " intensity target " proposed allows for further increases in absolute emissions and is not sufficient to effectively fight climate change .
On the contrary , the Kyoto Protocol requires most industrialised countries to achieve absolute emission reductions , while they still foresee to have growing economies .
The Climate Change Convention of 1992 , to which the US is a Party , requires industrialised countries to stabilise their greenhouse gas emissions at 1990 levels .
Achieving this would only be a first step towards stabilising global greenhouse gas concentrations at a level that would prevent dangerous climate change .
This is the ultimate objective of the Convention to which the US has subscribed .
However , the new plan does not lead to such a stabilisation , but instead will lead to the increase of absolute emission levels .
Over the past years , greenhouse gas emissions intensity in relation to GDP has been falling in the US .
The Bush plan is based on a prolongation of this trend thereby in effect foreseeing little more than continuation on a " business-as-usual " path .
Current emission projections for the US indicate an increase of 39 % above 1990 levels in 2012 .
While the intensity improvements may reduce this to around 33 % , this is still a very substantial increase in absolute emissions .
The EU is concerned about the purely voluntary nature of the actions proposed .
Furthermore , a review of the effectiveness of the measures will not take place before 2012 .
It is striking that the approach which is considered beneficial for other air pollutants , namely to implement cap-and-trade programmes , is not extended to CO2 emissions from the power sector .
The EU is of the opinion that a cap-and-trade system is a cost-effective measure to reduce emissions which combines a guaranteed environmental result with the flexibility to reduce emissions where it is least costly .
By 2005 , the EU intends to implement a cap-and-trade system covering 46 % of all CO2 emissions in 2010 .
The EU welcomes the fact that the Bush administration has now completed its policy review and has put forward what the US intends to do in terms of domestic climate change policy .
The proposals by President Bush may represent a first step in the right direction , where also economic operators in the US are asked to contribute to emission control .
However , mandatory monitoring and reporting of emissions at company level would be necessary to adequately assess whether the proposals by President Bush represent an effort comparable to the ones under the Kyoto Protocol .
The EU is determined to proceed with ratification of the Kyoto Protocol by June 2002 in view of entry into force by the time of the World Summit on Sustainable Development .
The EU will continue on its current path of emission reduction and is optimistic that other major players , notably Japan and Russia , will join us in these efforts .
The EU will further examine and assess the proposals by President Bush in the weeks to come and is willing to continue the dialogue with the US on this basis .
Nairobi , March 13 ( XINHUA ) -- Zimbabwean President Robert Mugabe 's reelection has been praised by the Organization of African Unity ( OAU ) , African countries , but condemned by some western countries .
The OAU observer team in Zimbabwe described the election held on March 9-11 as " free and fair . "
" On the basis of observations made during the voting , verification and counting process on the ground and objective realities , the OAU observer team wishes to state that in general the elections were transparent , credible , free and fair , " the team 's leader Gertrude Mongella said .
In his congratulation message to his Zimbabwean counterpart Robert Mugabe , Tanzanian President Benjamin Mkapa calls him a champion of democracy .
" I am pleased to send my warm congratulations on the renewed and the deserved presidential mandate the people of Zimbabwe have given you , " Mkapa said .
" It would be a great tragedy for anyone to determine the outcome of an African election in Europe , " Mkapa said .
" It was upon the people of Zimbabwe to decide who should lead them and they have done that loudly and clearly . "
" The people of Zimbabwe have re-elected you because you have been same ( consistent ) in defending their inalienable rights to their country 's freedom , democratic and sovereign government , " Mkapa said .
Kenyan President Daniel arap Moi congratulated Mugabe on his reelection , saying his victory and that of his ZANU-PF party was " testimony of the confidence and high esteem the people of Zimbabwe hold in you " .
Within the 14-nation Southern African Development Community ( SADC ) , a team from the SADC Council of Ministers considered that the vote in Zimbabwe was a " true reflection " of the people 's will .
The chief SADC parliamentary observer Duke Lefhoko said that " the results are the affair of the people of Zimbabwe . "
The SADC Council of Ministers in a statement appeals to the people of Zimbabwe to accept the results .
The South African government in a statement welcomes the fact that the actual elections and subsequent processes have proceeded without any significant conflict among the participants .
The statement said , according to the Preliminary Report of the South African Observer Mission , Zimbabwe 's elections should be considered as legitimate .
The Nigerian government , a key player in Africa 's reaction to events in Zimbabwe , will announce on Thursday its verdict on the elections , Information Minister Jerry Gana said .
However , Zimbabwe 's presidential election was condemned by some western countries .
US Assistant Secretary for African affairs Walter Kansteiner in a statement called Zimbabwe 's election flawed , saying that the US would consider further sanctions against Mugabe and his government .
British Foreign Secretary Jack Straw said " for months the government of Zimbabwe has conducted a systematic campaign of violence and intimidation , designed to achieve an outcome -- power at all costs . "
He said that Mugabe has " stolen " Zimbabwe 's vote , an outcome that would have " enormous implications for the nature of UK-Zimbabwe relationship . "
France 's Foreign Ministry spokesman Francois Rivasseau said that Zimbabwe 's " election can not be considered as substantially free and fair . "
Germany 's Foreign Ministry spokesman Andreas Michaelis said that " all information points to the fact it can not be assumed there were equal chances for the candidates in this election . "
Denmark 's Foreign Minister Per Stig Moeller said his government will cut aid to Zimbabwe and likely shut down its embassy in Harare .
He also said the European Union will consider toughening sanctions on the Mugabe regime when foreign ministers meet ahead of the Barcelona summit on Friday and Saturday .
Denmark gave Zimbabwe aid worth 9.42 million euros ( 8.3 million US dollars ) in 2001 and made available 2 million euros more in 2002 to complete projects already underway .
Zimbabwe 's incumbent President Robert Mugabe has won the country 's closest-fought presidential election since independence 22 years ago , the final election results showed Wednesday .
According to the nationwide election results , Mugabe gained 56.2 percent of the total 2,998,758 valid votes , or 1,685,212 votes , while Morgan Tsvangirai of the opposition Movement for Democratic Change ( MDC ) getting 41.96 percent , or 1,258,401 votes .
About 3.4 million of the 5.6 million registered voters in Zimbabwe were estimated to have voted in the controversial election that ended Monday after a high court extended the voting into a third day .
Islamabad , March 18 , IRNA - Central Leader of Pakistan People Party ( PPP ) and former provincial minister of North-West Frontier Province ( NWFP ) Seyed Qamar Abbas has rejected US state department report on Human Rights in Iran and other countries , saying America has no right to make such a report as it is itself the violator of human rights .
He told IRNA in an interview on Monday , " America has killed thousands of innocent people in almost all parts of the globe particularly in the Muslim world .
America , in the guise of its so-called war on terror , has killed and injured thousands of innocent Afghans and the prisoners of war are maltreated . "
A couple of weeks ago , the US state department in its annual report had revealed that Iran , Pakistan and some other countries are the violators of human rights .
" America has a double standard policy .
It denounces human rights violation but supports Israel for perishing the Muslims in Palestine and Lebanon , " Abbas criticized .
He said those countries and nations which are independant in real sense of the world and do not take dictation from the US or accepts its supremacy are labelled as human rights violators .
" Those who submit to its policies are showered upon favours , " he added .
" America always follows its interests .
In its so-called war against terrorism and against weapons of mass destruction lies its covert motive and that is its strategic and economic interests , " Abbas added .
However , he hoped that the people of the world can no more be kept in dark .
" They can see and observe the unjust and discriminatory policies of America .
People do not believe whatever the America says , " he concluded .
New man for a new NASA mission
Forget space shuttles , orbiting telescopes , and more robotic rovers on Mars .
The next mission for NASA could be to steer soaring space-station costs back toward earth and restore credibility to what many call a dysfunctional space program .
This weekend , the agency bade farewell to administrator Daniel Goldin , who resigned after 10 years in office - an agency record .
President Bush has nominated Sean O'Keefe , deputy director of the White House 's Office of Management and Budget , to replace him .
In doing so , the White House is swapping the silver-visored helmet of a space cadet for the green eyeshade of a consummate bean counter .
Where Mr. Goldin was a product of the US aerospace industry , Mr. O'Keefe has served as chief financial officer for the Pentagon , Navy secretary , and business-school professor .
" O'Keefe is not known as a space enthusiast , " says Keith Cowing , a former NASA scientist and editor of NASAWatch.com .
" But he may be what the agency needs right now . "
Under Goldin , unmanned craft found evidence of water on the moon , inaugurated a long-term program to explore Mars , and opened the door to competition from the aerospace industry and universities to plan and execute missions .
With a mandate to cut costs , Goldin implemented a " faster , better , cheaper " approach .
In the spring of 1992 , the Jet Propulsion Laboratory in Pasadena , Calif. , " had five spacecraft in space and three or four under development , " he said last month .
" Today , we have 13 in space and 27 under development . "
But the agency 's credibility has come under fire in manned spaceflight - especially the International Space Station , now completing its first year of full-time crews .
The project 's costs , like those of the space-shuttle program before it , have ballooned far beyond original estimates - from an initial $ 17.4 billion to more than $ 30 billion .
Early on , the Bush administration planned to scale back US involvement to a " core " station with a crew of three instead of six .
Future US modules were red-penciled .
And this month , a task force on the project 's budget concluded that NASA 's cost estimate for finishing the " core " station between 2002 and 2008 " is not credible . "
It presented its own scenario for scaling back the station .
If confirmed by the Senate , O'Keefe jumps with both feet into this fiscal morass .
Fixing the problem may require not just accounting savvy , but also deft diplomacy .
The task-force report stirred opposition by Canada and other partners .
To cut the station 's scope , they argue , violates international agreements and would essentially close off international use of the station .
In assessing how the agency might fare under O'Keefe , some analysts say it could blossom , as it did in its Apollo-program heyday under another numbers guy , James Webb .
Yet the agency 's objectives have been growing less visionary since then , says John Pike , director of GlobalSecurity.org in Alexandria , Va. " Webb 's mandate was to put a man on the moon .
Richard Truly 's ... was to help the agency recover from the Challenger disaster .
Goldin 's was to cut NASA 's budget .
Now O'Keefe 's is to fix the space station . "
O'Keefe 's appointment " is a clear message from the administration : NASA has to clean up its act before we can talk about the neat stuff we 'd like to see NASA do , " says Patricia Dasch of the National Space Society .
Many fear violence after Zimbabwe vote
HARARE , Zimbabwe Wellington Chinyama sat down in a barber 's chair , unfolded his newspaper and without glancing up asked the young man trimming his hair the question that seems to be on virtually everyone 's mind here : " So Joseph , have you prepared yourself for Zimbabwe 's civil war ? "
As Zimbabweans go to the polls this weekend to re-elect or oust Robert Mugabe , the only leader the country has ever known , the question of who will win the election seems almost secondary to how the loser and his followers will respond .
Surveys show the challenger , Morgan Tsvangirai , a trade union leader , ahead of Mugabe .
But a surge in political violence and accusations that the governing party changed election laws to rig the vote have fanned widespread concerns among Zimbabweans , election monitors and foreign diplomats that neither political party nor their supporters are prepared to accept the final tally .
" It does not take a vivid imagination to envision a scenario on the ground where either rioters or the military take to the streets in the days to come , " an African diplomat said .
Most disturbing are pronouncements by senior government officials and military leaders that they would not allow this former British colony to be led by Tsvangirai and his political party , the Movement for Democratic Change .
In a television interview broadcast the other day , Didymus Mutasa , a spokesman for Mugabe 's ruling ZANU-PF party , said that he and other veterans of the country 's independence war found the prospect of a Tsvangirai government intolerable .
" People have said being ruled by the MDC is being ruled by Ian Smith , " Mutasa said , referring to the prime minister of white-ruled Rhodesia , as the country was known before gaining independence in 1980 .
" Under these circumstances , if there were to be a coup , we would support it very definitely . "
At least 34 people have died in political violence this year , almost all of them supporters of the Movement for Democratic Change .
State Department officials this week accused Mugabe 's government of numerous human rights violations during the election campaign , an allegation vehemently denied by ZANU-PF officials .
A newspaper reported that Mugabe had put the armed forces on " high alert " and had recalled soldiers from neighboring Congo , where they have been deployed in that country 's civil war .
Police Commissioner Augustine Chihuri denied the reports .
Many Zimbabweans see this weekend 's election as a contest between immovable forces : a 78-year-old autocrat desperate to remain in power and an opposition party dominated by restless young citizens weary of government corruption , food shortages and unemployment .
" If Mugabe announces that he has won the election , I think that people will not believe it and will storm the castle , " said Sibongile Mbuyiso , an opposition supporter .
" But if the MDC wins , I believe Mugabe will announce martial law , throw Tsvangirai in jail for plotting to kill him and send the army into the streets . "
Government officials last month charged Tsvangirai and two other officials of his party with high treason for allegedly plotting to assassinate Mugabe .
That charge is based largely on a heavily edited videotape in which Tsvangirai refers to the " elimination " of Mugabe .
Tsvangirai was responding to a question posed by a Canadian publicist with whom he was meeting and who subsequently signed a contract with ZANU-PF .
Political analysts say the charges may have laid the groundwork for Mugabe to jail Tsvangirai as a last-ditch effort to stay in power should he lose the election .
But that outcome is certainly not a foregone conclusion .
Opposition officials say that 22 of their polling agents have been abducted in the past week , and a surge in violent attacks in swing districts could persuade enough opposition supporters to vote for ZANU-PF to ensure Mugabe 's victory .
In addition , governing party officials have revised election laws and procedures in a manner that could change the outcome of the vote , according to independent election observers .
ZANU-PF officials have told election observers that they intend to increase the number of polling stations in rural areas believed to be their strongholds and reduce the number of stations in urban areas , where there is strong support for the opposition .
Observers say that could produce long voting lines and discourage some Tsvangirai supporters from casting ballots .
ZANU-PF election officials also plan to use civil service employees to monitor the vote-counting and bar independent monitors from nonprofit organizations from assisting in such routine tasks as transporting ballot boxes to counting stations .
A residency requirement introduced last month bans registered voters from casting ballots if they can not provide leases or utility bills in their names .
That , according to foreign diplomats and Tsvangirai supporters , could disenfranchise hundreds of thousands of young opposition supporters who live with their parents .
" Clearly , Mugabe is doing everything he can to steal this election , " said John Makumbe , a political science professor at the University of Zimbabwe .
Tsvangirai said at a news conference Thursday night that if he won the election , he would not prosecute Mugabe .
That could ease pressure on Mugabe to remain in power to avoid prosecution for his government 's attack in the 1980s in Matabeleland , the home of the Ndebele tribe , which at the time posed the most significant threat to his leadership .
An estimate of the number of people killed in the operation ranges from 10,000 to 20,000 .
Foreign firms furiously lobby in Argentina
BUENOS AIRES -- Foreign multinational companies trying to avoid billions in losses furiously lobbied Argentine lawmakers and the new government ahead of today 's final vote on emergency legislation to devalue the peso and end the country 's decade-old currency parity with the U.S. dollar .
U.S. and other foreign banks , telecommunications , transport and energy companies are expected collectively to lose billions of dollars if lawmakers approve President Eduardo Duhalde 's controversial economic package .
Presidential spokesman Eduardo Amadeo said Duhalde was stunned by the intense efforts to reverse the package .
Amadeo said the president told him , `` I have never had so many calls in my life from all the groups saying they do n't want us to touch them . ''
The economic package nonetheless was passed by Argentina 's lower house late Saturday night and is expected to gain easy passage through the Senate today .
The most frantic lobbying Saturday came from banks , phone companies and petroleum firms from Spain .
Analysts estimate they stand collectively to lose more than $ 3 billion .
The companies are worried by Duhalde 's proposal to devalue the peso and scrap a policy known as convertibility that kept the peso 's worth the same as a U.S. dollar .
It attracted much foreign investment in the 1990s because companies were promised that their profits in pesos would always be worth the same in dollars .
But the rock-solid link between the peso and dollar made Argentine exports overpriced abroad and manufacturers moved next door to Brazil , where it is half as expensive to operate .
Argentina is now broke .
The government can not pay pensioners or state workers .
To prevent a run on the banking system , it has maintained a $ 250-per-week limit on cash withdrawals .
Many political analysts fear a return to street violence when the devaluation measure passes and companies seek to avoid losses by raising prices for food and medicine .
On Saturday , Congress began debating an emergency package that would grant vast special powers over the economy to Duhalde , Argentina 's fifth president in less than three weeks .
He has announced that Argentina can not pay its creditors the $ 132 billion they are owed .
His package of legislation seeks -- at the expense of foreign and domestic companies -- to ease the pain on an increasingly angry middle class , the largest in South America .
MOST DEBT IN DOLLARS
More than 80 percent of personal debt in Argentina is in dollars , and most of that debt is held by the middle class .
To help them , Duhalde proposes converting mortgages , car loans and other consumer debt under $ 100,000 into pesos .
If the Argentine peso is also devalued about 30 percent , as is expected , a car loan of $ 10,000 would be worth about $ 7,000 .
Foreign banks control almost half of the deposits in Argentina .
They want the dollar value of debt to remain constant , no matter what the devaluation of the peso .
Duhalde does not agree and has resisted the lobbying , his aides said .
But to help banks make up losses , he plans to take gas exports and direct that money to shoring up banks .
Foreign companies are also trying to reverse a portion of the emergency package that proposes to end a decade of billing in dollars at the gas pump , or for fixed and cellular phone services , water and power bills and the like .
For foreign companies , especially those from Spain that have invested heavily throughout Latin America , the issue goes beyond how Argentina resolves its crisis .
They fear that if Argentina can break promises made in contracts , other nations may try to do the same in less dire times .
`` If it is successful in Argentina , it could become a reference , '' said Eduardo Curia , an independent economist in Buenos Aires .
CONTINUING EFFECT
`` It 's a ripple effect .
It does n't just hit the initial direct investment in Argentina but all those suppliers throughout the chain of supply that can be impacted , '' said Meril Markely , a Houston-based director of tax and accounting services in South America for KPMG .
Foreign companies that took over former state transportation , phone and energy companies want -- but appear unlikely to get -- some form of indexing so they can raise their prices to compensate for what is expected to be a widening gap between the peso and dollar .
U.S. companies had investments totaling more than $ 16 billion in Argentina through 1999 , according to the State Department .
Much of the investment is in petroleum and gas , telecommunications and energy .
Moscow , May 8 , IRNA -- Deputy head of the Russian Geopolitical Research Institute Lyonid Ivashev said on Wednesday the United States sees part of an axis of evil any country which does not follow the its policies .
Talking to IRNA , Ivashev expressed regrets over the fact that the people in some parts of the world are indifferent toward the expansionist policies of the United States and do not proceed to condemn them .
He strongly criticized the US war-mongering actions and tactics and said the US war-mongering has posed serious threats to the world .
He said the United States has turned into an axis of evil itself and is ignoring even the resolutions issued by the United Nations .
Ivashev further said Russia is to develop its relations with the Muslim nations as well as China and India .
He said there are deep differences between Russia and the United Stats on a range of strategic , political and economic issues .
He said the US officials claim as for the countries described as " parts of an axis of evil " are " unfounded " and the US claims in this connection are " sheer lies " .
Reacting to the threats launched by the US president George W. Bush against Iran he condemned the United States expansionist policies .
US President George W. Bush had in his State of the Union address termed Iran , Iraq and North Korea as " axis of evil " and accused them of attempting to develop weapons of mass destruction .
Ivashev further said the United States is after gaining superiority over Russia 's nuclear capabilities and initiating an anti-missile defense system by the United States shows that country 's intentions .
He said the United States is after imposing its expansionists policies under the pretext of the fight against terrorism .
China Disapproves Use of 'Axis of Evil ' in International Relations
Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Kong Quan said Friday that China disapproves of the use of such words as the " axis of evil " in international relations .
Kong made the remark when asked to comment on the different views given by the New York Times and the Washington Post recentlyon a statement by the U.S. leader describing the Democratic People 's Republic of Korea , Iran and Iraq as the " axis of evil " nations .
" We disapprove of the use of such words in international relations , " said Kong , who also made the same comment when answering related questions earlier .
China has noticed that U.S. public opinion and general public do not agree to the wording of " axis of evil , " he said , pointing out that the consequences are bound to be serious if the logic of the wording is followed .
China always holds that anti-terrorism campaigns should be based on irrefutable evidence , and anti-terrorism attacks should not be expanded arbitrarily , said Kong .
He stressed that handling state-to-state relations should follow the purposes and principles of the United Nations Charter , the Five Principles of Peaceful Co-existence , and the principle that all countries should be treated on an equal footing .
This is the only manner that is conducive to safeguarding long-term peace and stability in the world and related regions .
March 29 , 1999 Name Address City , ST Zip Dear Name : The 1999 Invest in Youth Campaign is in full swing .
As a former board member , the success of the YMCA is still important to me .
We must be able to reach all youth and families interested in values-based programs .
The Invest in Youth campaign helps insure this .
New initiatives in the inner-city are taking hold .
The Urban Mission Branch is reaching out to middle school youth with programs based on caring , honesty , respect and responsibility for themselves and others .
For some , these are very different messages from the ones heard in the street .
They are learning to make positive choices concerning alcohol , tobacco and other drugs and to support each other when those choices are challenged .
You have shared in the vision and the leadership of the YMCA of Greater Indianapolis .
I now invite you to continue to support the mission and the message that is so important to building strong kids , strong families and strong communities .
Please consider joining the Chairman's Roundtable with a gift of $ 1,000 .
I have enclosed a pledge card for your convenience .
We would like to announce the success of this year's campaign at the Annual Meeting on April 27 , so please return you pledge or gift within the next 30 days .
Thank you .
Sincerely , Richard H. Gilbert , Jr. Past Board Member YMCA of Greater Indianapolis
November 15 , 1994 Dear , Think of your greatest accomplishments .
Think of the joy and success they bring to you and your loved ones .
Michael Sims felt that way at age 39 -- the day he earned a job .
Michael was born with cerebral palsy .
Upon entering the work force , he discovered few job opportunities that seemed to match his abilities .
For several years he performed packaging and clerical work .
His most recent job lasted only a year before cut-backs eliminated his position .
For 18 long months Michael could not find a job .
He resorted to public assistance dollars to survive .
Finally , Michael called Goodwill .
At Goodwill , Michael 's counselors felt that his personable demeanor could be a major attribute and identified for him a possible job-match where his people skills could shine .
After three interviews , Michael proved that he was the right person for the job .
As the Clubhouse Monitor at Bent Tree Apartments , he now provides customer service for 50 to 60 tenants each night .
At last , he has found success in a job that he loves .
Now his goals are set on moving up in the company .
Every year , thousands of people come to Goodwill .
Like Michael , they share two common characteristics .
They face some barrier to employment and they want to work .
With support from people like you , they can overcome their barriers and earn success and the self-sufficiency that comes with it .
And then the pay-off begins for the entire community .
Individual successes at Goodwill mean fewer persons receiving public support and more paying taxes .
Last year , participants in Goodwill programs earned -- and paid taxes on -- wages of nearly $ 3.5 million .
Their successes at work also saved taxpayers more than three-quarters of a million dollars in public assistance .
The savings are counted in more ways than dollars and cents , however .
The families of the new wage earners may feel the accomplishment in terms of a house to live in , money to purchase food -- without food stamps -- and the beginning of a family focused on success , not hopelessness .
Wo n't you help make all of these successes possible ?
Please send the largest contribution you can comfortably make .
Your gift will help give new meaning to the word success -- for people who have seldom had reason to use the word .
Sincerely , James M. McClelland President P.S. Your gift will make a difference .
For every dollar of public support Goodwill received last year , we returned $ 1.59 to the community in the form of earned wages and reduced public assistance payments .
GATUNA , Rwanda , July 6 ( AFP ) - President Paul Kagame of Rwanda and his Ugandan counterpart Yoweri Museveni began talks here Friday in a bid to mend soured relations between their neighbouring countries .
The two heads of state met under an canvas awning set up for the occasion a few hundred metres ( yards ) from the Gatuna border post , an AFP correspondent reported .
The formerly close allies fell out in 1999 , the year after each sent troops to back rebel movements in the neighbouring Democratic Republic of Congo , when mounting rivalry lead to violent clashes between their own armies there .
Museveni and Kagame have met three times since the fighting broke out in the DRC city of Kisangani , the main town in the northeast of the country , but without patching up their differences .
In March , Uganda declared Rwanda a hostile nation because of tensions arising from Kigali 's alleged support for a rival to Museveni in a presidential election .
The two countries have each accused the other of backing dissidents .
Today the Council of EU environment ministers adopted the Commission 's proposal for a decision to ratify the Kyoto Protocol .
The European Commission strongly welcomes this decision .
By taking this decision , the EU has reaffirmed its commitment to pursuing multilateral solutions to issues of global concern .
With its decision to ratify the protocol at EU level , the European Union stays true to its ambition to enable the Kyoto Protocol to come into force by the World Summit on Sustainable Development in August/September 2002 .
The decision also makes the Member States ' greenhouse gas reduction commitments ( the so-called " Burden-Sharing Agreement " ) agreed in June 1998 legally binding .
The EU continues to call for the United States to participate in the global framework for addressing climate change .
The President of the European Commission Romano Prodi said : " Today is an historical moment for European efforts to combat climate change .
I am very pleased that the Council has now approved the Kyoto Protocol thus enabling the EU to proceed with its ratification .
I am confident that Member States will take the necessary steps in order to allow for a simultaneous ratification together with the European Community before 1 June 2002 .
Once again , the EU is exercising leadership in addressing this global environmental problem , as we have done in Bonn and Marrakech last year .
We can only tackle climate change effectively through a multi-lateral process .
I urge our partners both in the developed and in the developing countries to also ratify the Kyoto Protocol soon .
We want the Protocol to enter into force before the World Summit on Sustainable Development this summer . "
Environment Commissioner Margot Wallstrom stated : " This is indeed a good day for the climate and for sustainable development .
The scientific evidence on climate change is stronger than ever .
All countries have to act , but the industrialised countries have to take the lead .
To protect our climate we will have to reduce emissions .
We all know that even the targets in the Kyoto Protocol are only a first step if we want to prevent the severe consequences that climate change could have . "
" Action to fight climate change is vital to achieve sustainable development , Mrs. Wallstrom added .
I am convinced that improving the environment through technological progress can actually enhance our competitiveness and economic growth .
This is what sustainable development is about : Protecting our eco-system while ensuring economic prosperity . "
The Commissioner also stated that she was grateful for the strong support received from the European Parliament to secure timely EU ratification , and pleased with the confirmation by the candidate countries that they are on track to ratify .
The Commissioner finally welcomed indications by Japan , New Zealand and Norway that they are preparing for ratification , and strongly called on others , notably Russia , to do the same .
" The fact that at least 25-30 industrialised countries are likely to ratify the Protocol within this year is a clear signal that the Kyoto Protocol , with its legally binding targets and timetables , is the only effective international framework for combating global warming . "
Referring to President Bush 's climate change plan for the US that he announced on 14 February the Commissioner noted : " These proposals will not lead to a reduction of greenhouse gas emissions in the United States but allow a significant increase .
The EU has legally bound itself today to actually reduce its emissions .
We continue to urge the United States to return to the Kyoto process . "
The Commissioner concluded by stressing the need for further EU emission reduction measures : " The European Commission has already proposed measures to reduce emissions at the lowest economic cost , including an EC-wide emissions trading scheme to begin in 2005 .
Further proposals are in the pipeline .
However , all Member States have to take their responsibility to ensure that they meet their burden-sharing targets . "
Together with the Member States , the European Community 's instrument of ratification will now be deposited with the United Nations by 1st June , so as to enable the entry into force of the Protocol by the World Summit on Sustainable Development in Johannesburg this September .
New crew settles in at space station
CAPE CANAVERAL -- ( AP ) -- Two American astronauts and one Russian cosmonaut moved into the International Space Station on Saturday , settling in for a half-year stay .
The three men arrived aboard space shuttle Endeavour the day before , but did not have time to trade places with the space station crew that has been on board since August .
The new residents ' form-fitting seat liners for the lifeboat had to be carried over and installed , and their space suits tucked away , before they could call space station Alpha home .
Russian Yuri Onufrienko could n't wait to take over as space station commander from American Frank Culbertson .
The cosmonaut kept peeking through a small window before the hatch finally swung open between the docked spacecraft .
Onufrienko will remain on board until May , along with astronauts Daniel Bursch and Carl Walz .
As gear moved back and forth across the threshold , Endeavour 's astronauts used the ship 's robot arm to lift an Italian-built cargo carrier from the shuttle and attach it to the station .
The carrier , named Raffaello , is loaded with three tons of food , clothes , science experiments and spare parts .
Once emptied , it will be filled with dirty laundry , trash and used equipment and put back on Endeavour for the ride home .
The space station 's new residents also packed some personal items , reflecting their hobbies .
Onufrienko , a fisherman , took material to tie flies .
Bursch has weaving material to make small baskets , while Walz has a five-octave keyboard that he calls a `` psychological support device . ''
By the time Culbertson and his Russian crew mates , Mikhail Tyurin and Vladimir Dezhurov , return to Earth in another week , they will have spent 128 days in space .
The profound economic crisis in Argentina has coincided with a wave of social tension during recent days .
Riots and widespread strikes , attacks on government buildings , and the plundering of stores have left scores of dead and casualties .
Public dissatisfaction and an increase in the people 's anger in this country have finally resulted in the collapse of Fernando Delaroe 's government following several days of protest .
Because of the misguided policies of Argentina 's politicians , Argentina is in a state of stagnation for a fourth consecutive years .
The unemployment rate has passed 18 percent and the hard currency is continuously being devalued .
Foreign debts are around $ 132 billion and poverty is dominating the country like a dangerous virus .
The important point is that Argentina has enjoyed the IMF 's advice in the execution of these policies .
The main problem that caused the recent shock is also a result of the restrictive economic policies that have been adopted on the advice of IMF experts .
Incidentally , the riots also occurred following the IMF 's announcement of Argentina 's debts .
What is clear is that Argentina 's paralyzed economy was unable to tolerate the government 's hardline policies , which finally resulted in the situation that we are witnessing today .
Although IMF officials deny any connection their policies and the current situation , reports indicate that now an IMF executive delegation is actively making changes to Argentina 's economy .
Another important point is Argentina 's connections with the global economy .
This country has attracted a large amount of foreign investment by international companies , from the American continent to Europe .
Some $ 76 billion of the $ 132 billion debt is accounted for by foreign loans , which were lavished on Argentina .
Anyway , now in addition to the IMF , the US government , as the biggest investor in Argentina 's economy , is ignoring its commitments in the current situation .
In the heat of crisis , the interim government has introduced new initiatives .
Among them are halting the payment of debts and the execution of supportive actions for the poor people , controlling government and state expenses , attempts to increase employment , giving food help and trying to take out new loans , and the adoption of new monetary policies .
However , there are a few ambiguous points , such as : 1 -- What amount of Argentina 's economic crisis is due to its relations with the global economy and how much effect will it have on the European and US economies due to its present stagnation ?
2 -- What reaction is likely from other countries and international institutions to the government 's new policies , for instance halting the payment of debts ?
3 -- Finally , what fate awaits Argentina 's crisis-stricken economy ?
MADRID , Sept 14 ( AFP ) -- Interpol on Friday released previously confidential search warrants with vital details about the life and activities of Usamah bin-Ladin , the main suspect in Tuesday 's deadly attacks in the United States .
The two warrants -- from 1998 and 2000 -- were released at a press conference here by Interpol President Jesus Espigares of Spain and Secretary General Ronald K. Noble of the United States .
The 1998 warrant charged that Bin-Ladin , a Saudi billionaire housed as a " guest " in Afghanistan , was involved in the 1994 murder of two Germans in Syrte , Libya .
The file said that Libya had demanded his extradition .
The other warrant , from April 4 , 2000 , was drafted at the request of the US Government and includes a detailed description of the man who tops the US Federal Bureau of Investigation 's ( FBI ) most wanted list .
It includes everything from biographical information -- Bin-Ladin was born March 10 , 1957 in Jiddah , Saudi Arabia , -- to a physical description -- black hair , brown eyes , 1.96 meters ( 6 feet , 4 inches ) tall and about 67 kilograms ( 148 pounds ) -- to the various aliases he uses .
" He may walk with a cane , " the study says , noting that he speaks Arabic and " Southwest Asian countries and the Middle East are the places where he may travel around . "
The study also notes that the United States offered five million dollars ( 5.4 million euros ) to anyone who had information that could lead to Bin-Ladin 's arrest .
Espigares and Noble also said that Interpol has created a task force , named " September 11 , " after the date on which two hijacked airplanes crashed into the World Trade Center in New York City and another hit the Pentagon in Washington , leaving thousands dead .
The force , based in Lyon , France , will work non-stop to " help to filter any information coming from Interpol country members , " Noble said .
Interpol will meet in Budapest from September 24-29 , where member countries will discuss methods of bringing those responsible for the attacks to justice , Espigares and Noble said .
US authorities have asked Interpol to organize a police team specialized in identifying victims , they said , refusing to comment further on the status of Interpol 's collaboration , saying , " We do not want to do anything which could undermine FBI investigations . "
" There are moments in every nation 's history which are marked forever .
For me , for my country , it 's the death of President ( John F. ) Kennedy .
For Spain , ( it 's ) the military forces attacking democracy .
But for the world , September 11 is a day that will mark the entire world , " Noble said .
Navy Officer Balances Religious Responsibilities
GUANTANAMO BAY NAVAL BASE , Cuba -- You 're the first-ever American Muslim cleric to minister to a prison camp full of suspected terrorists and one confides he has a weapon .
Do you keep the secret ?
Or do you breach religious confidentiality ?
If you 're U.S. Navy Lt. Abuhena Mohammad Saiful-Islam you search for a third way to resolve the clear conflict of interest between the crescent moon pin stuck in your left lapel and the lieutenant 's bars on the right side of your uniform .
`` I will say , ` Give it to me , ' -- and not tell the general who had it , '' he says softly but firmly .
`` I 'll make sure that he does n't have it . ''
A 39-year-old life-long , practicing Muslim , the soft-spoken Bangladesh immigrant is navigating uncharted waters and juggling complicated loyalties -- all while managing an international spotlight he has never experienced before .
As a U.S. military chaplain , his contacts with prisoners are governed by the same confidentiality as that of a priest , minister or rabbi in the clergy corps .
Saiful-Islam is by training an imam , or a prayer leader , who guides the faithful in a mosque during the five-times-a-day Muslim prayer .
At Camp X-ray , he is also serving the function of a muezzin , the person who announces the call to prayer , commonly from a tower called a minaret .
In his case , he is using a public address system and recording the prayer for five-times-a-day broadcast .
Sometimes he laughs uncomfortably when questioned by journalists .
Sometimes he looks bewildered .
But mostly he 's a busy man , trying to soothe Muslim sensitivities over the rugged chain-linked-fence cells at Camp X-ray .
Advocate
Saiful-Islam arrived at the detention center for suspected terrorists on Jan. 24 and made his debut by chanting the pre-dawn call to prayer to wake up alleged leaders of Afghanistan 's Taliban militia and members of Osama bin Laden 's al Qaeda network .
Since then , he has emerged as their advocate , arguing that the U.S. military can safeguard its soldiers while adding a few amenities of everyday Islamic life .
Soon , he says , traditional white knit skullcaps will arrive for the captives to top off their fluorescent orange jumpsuits .
Saiful-Islam has also asked for some copies of the Koran , in Urdu , a language of Afghanistan and Pakistan , plus large-type , Arabic copies for those with bad eyesight or those who read like elementary school children .
`` These things are hard to find in America , and Gitmo is far , far away , '' says Saiful-Islam , a husband and father of a nearly 2-year-old daughter in California .
Until he emerged as the chaplain of choice for this special assignment from among only 14 Muslim clerics in the U.S. armed forces , he was the only cleric specifically assigned to a Marine Corps base -- at Camp Pendleton , Calif .
Military recruiters building a Muslim chaplains corps spotted Saiful-Islam in 1993 , while he was an enlisted man working as a payroll clerk in the Pentagon and studying part-time to become a Muslim cleric .
He was commissioned as an officer in 1998 , just a year after obtaining U.S. citizenship and nine years after leaving his homeland to study in America .
The first time he was sent to a theater of combat came in October when he served as chaplain at Operation Brightstar , a huge military exercise in Egypt not far from the World War II battleground called al-Alamein .
No Answers
His role has a curious juxtaposition , which he sums up simply .
Captives at Camp X-ray are entitled to spiritual solace , he says , even though he does n't accept radical interpretations that have led them to an unorthodox battlefield against the so-called Great Satan , the United States .
`` I , of course , do n't agree with their cause , '' he says , `` and neither does the religion , Islam . ''
But after several days of four- and five-hour shifts inside the camp , hearing the prisoners ' requests , he said exchanges have not dipped that deeply into the doctrinal .
Mostly , they ask about their fate , and when they might go home .
`` I do n't have any answer for them , '' he says .
Conversations between the cleric and the captives have taken place , one on one , in his native Bengali and Urdu .
Others require the services of Arabic interpreters -- who , like Saiful-Islam , are U.S. military men in battle dress uniforms .
So far no one has asked him how a practicing Muslim can also wear the uniform of the U.S. armed forces .
It was a question he had expected .
But instead , he says with surprise , `` They all want to speak with me .
They all raise their hands '' to catch the attention of the U.S. government 's designated spiritual leader .
`` If they do n't trust me with their needs , they do n't get it , '' he says , with a sigh .
`` I wish I had more time . ''
Issues to deal with Iraq , Iran , and North Korea -- which the US President branded as the " axis of evil " in his statement to fight against international terrorism -- and activation of the Japanese economy were the major topics of discussion at the Japan-US summit talks held on 18 February between Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi and US President George W. Bush .
Regarding the " axis of evil , " the prime minister explained his resolve to buckle down on the issue , while continuously cooperating with the United States .
It seems likely that in addition to its diplomatic efforts , the Japanese Government will be forced to take concrete actions , including improvement of its legal system , in case the United States takes military actions .
With regard to the economic recovery on the other hand , the President announced his full support for the prime minister 's structural reform and measures to fight deflation .
It turned out that the prime minister will shoulder the burden of firmly carrying out the reforms , and realizing early economic recovery as international pledges .
Diplomacy and Security
" I believe the comments on the 'axis of evil ' reflect the firm resolve of President Bush and the United States against terrorism .
While cooperating with the United States , Japan will take the initiative in tackling the issue for eradication of terrorism . "
At a joint news conference held after the summit talks , the prime minister announced his understanding and approval of the President 's statement designed to deal with the " axis of evil . "
He then clarified a posture wherein Japan would cooperate with the United States as much as possible .
President Bush took up the matter of the " axis of evil " and Japan 's economic recovery as topics at the beginning of the summit talks .
As this indicates , discussion on the " axis of evil " was the main purpose of the President 's visit to Japan .
The prime minister announced his cooperation with the United States because he fully understands that " the United States needs Japan 's cooperation , " ( said a senior Foreign Ministry official ) .
Saying that " all options are on the table " to deal with the " axis of evil , " the President also stated at the summit talks that he would " seek a peaceful settlement . "
He explained a view aimed at solving the issue through diplomatic and other means for the time being .
Ever since the President announced the " axis of evil " statement in January , Iran , Iraq , North Korea have been trying hard , out of the fear of possible confrontation with the United States , to deny their involvement in terrorism or proliferation of mass destruction weapons .
" The US strategy is beginning to work , " ( said a Foreign Ministry source ) .
To tighten the noose around the " axis of evil , " the Japanese Government will seek understanding and cooperation from European countries that are critical of the President .
At the same time , Japan also plans to " work on Iran and North Korea through Japan 's own diplomatic channels for settlement of the issue , " ( according to a government source ) .
Since President Bush envisions using all options , however , we can not deny the possibility that the United States may take military actions .
The biggest concern in that case would be Japan 's military support system .
It seems that the government will enact the law for emergencies in an area surrounding Japan if the United States takes military actions against North Korea .
But the reality is that " there are many problems , including role sharing in joint actions with the US military , that we need to settle if we want to apply the law , " ( said a Defense Agency source ) .
Also , there is a possibility of armed attacks on Japan .
But improvement has not yet been made to the emergency legislation system .
In the case of military actions against Iran on the other hand , it also seems that " judging from the lessons we learned from the Gulf War , Japan , which relies on the crude oil from the Middle East , can not refuse offering cooperation , " ( said a Defense Agency source ) .
There is a strong view among officials of the government and the ruling parties that application of the law for special measures to deal with terrorism would be difficult because this law is limited to dealing with the September 11 terrorist attacks on the United States only .
Moreover , Iraq is expected to fight back if it is attacked .
This will lead us to the issue of exercising the right of collective self-defense .
Therefore , the Japanese Government will be forced to introduce diverse legislation for the purpose of giving cooperation for US military actions .
Midweek : Wheel turns with a vengeance for the Taliban
AS Camp X-ray in Cuba 's Guantanamo Bay continues to fill with Muslim militants who had sworn to die rather than be captured , even the little we see of their situation makes it clear they 're in hell .
Many in the outside world are disturbed by conditions in " Gitmo " .
The United States dismisses such concerns : it 's a prison , after all ; remember the Black Hole of Mazar-iSharif .
Anxiety arises , however , from the sense that the cultural gulf between these prisoners and their captors is so vast that the latter genuinely do not see how a diet of peanut butter and bagel chips can be considered cruel and inhuman punishment .
The suffering of these particular prisoners is , indeed , particularly great .
Their prayers are now led by a victorious enemy soldier - what could be worse ?
Quite a lot , as it happens .
Crouched in their cages in Cuba , they must know that back in Afghanistan TVs are glowing , Bollywood is bellowing , men are shaving , women unveiling and sending their daughters to school .
One can feel sorry for the hapless vanquished now on that limbo rock in the Caribbean , and hope that some might follow the threads of their tortured consciences back out of the labyrinth , having duly met and been eaten by the Minotaur .
Still , it might be doubly difficult for the Afghans among them ever to go back , if the new administration of their home country goes ahead with rebuilding the Buddhas of Bamiyan for their potential as a tourist attraction .
It 's been almost a year since the Taliban blew up those monumental 1,500-year-old sandstone statues in northcentral Afghanistan , at which time the only way for the rest of us to handle the insult to human sensibilities was to emulate the Gautama Buddha himself , and profess relief .
Those statues probably had n't been a good likeness of him , anyway .
His clothes probably never looked quite like that - the statues ' fashion sense had been clearly influenced by the Greeks , what with Alexander the Great having passed through on his way to giving up with India .
As for likenesses , the Buddha said on his deathbed : " All composite things arise and decline .
Work out your salvation with diligence . "
So he is unlikely to have been enamoured of statues .
Which , one supposes , was indeed the motivation of those who blew away those statues to leave two giant holes in the Afghan landscape , in the process paying unthinking tribute to some of the Buddha 's subtlest and most profound teachings on the nature of impermanence and the perils of delusion .
Besides , those statues had been defaced long before they were finally reduced to rubble .
One of them had lost not just its face but its entire head .
The other had a big hole in its crotch , at which someone had launched a rocketpropelled grenade back in '98 .
Judging by its demeanour , the statue had n't felt a thing .
But the Taliban commander who aimed that RPG was certainly ascribing human characteristics to a lump of stone .
Which was most disturbing of all , because such was the very sin that rocket was supposedly intended to expunge .
So those poor bullet-scarred statues made everyone look sad and foolish , and their final immolation a year ago put them out of their misery , so to speak .
Even at the time , though , this was a stretch for even the most ardent apologist .
The veil of compassion was hardly elastic enough to pull over those two great big holes in the earth .
That was the moment at which the fabric of compassion tore , and worlds cracked apart ; when the contrast and conflict of civilisational values became so great as to remove any sense of common ground - even on which to do battle .
On both sides of the divide after that gratuitously destructive event , anything went .
And did , spectacularly .
Of all the unconscionable things the Taliban did to Afghan society in the six years of their reign , their demolition of the Buddhas of Bamiyan last March cleaved the rift between civilisations that was rammed wide open by hijacked aircraft over America just six months later , and which the US has since cauterised with the molten metal of its military might .
And so it has come ironically to pass that , one year on , a new Afghan order is dreaming of rebuilding those statues , while what 's left of the Taliban now sits in cells a world away , beardless , bald and clad in saffron .
START
H. Marshall Schwarz was named chairman and chief executive officer of U.S. Trust Corp .
a private-banking firm with assets under management of about $ 17 billion .
Mr .
Schwarz , 52 years old , will succeed Daniel P. Davison Feb .
soon after Mr. Davison reaches the company 's mandatory retirement age of 65 .
Mr. Schwarz , who is president of U.S. Trust , will be succeeded in that post by Jeffrey S. Maurer , 42 , who is executive vice president in charge of the company 's asset-management group .
U.S. Trust , a 136-year-old institution that is one of the earliest high-net worth banks in the U.S. , has faced intensifying competition from other firms that have established , and heavily promoted , private-banking businesses of their own .
As a result , U.S. Trust 's earnings have been hurt .
But Mr. Schwarz welcomes the competition in U.S. Trust 's flagship businesses , calling it " flattery .
Mr. Schwarz says the competition " broadens the base of opportunity for us .
Other firms " are dealing with the masses .
I do n't believe they have the culture " to adequately service high-net-worth individuals , he adds .
U.S. Trust recently introduced certain mutual-fund products , which allow it to serve customers with minimum deposits of $ 250,000 .
Previously , the company advertised at the $ 2 million level .
We have always taken smaller accounts , but now we are looking for smaller accounts that will grow , " Mr. Schwarz says .
Our bread and butter is still the $ 2 million to $ 20 million account , " he says .
The new services allow U.S. Trust to cater to the " new wealth , " Mr. Schwarz says .
Quarterly net income this year has risen just over comparable periods in 1988 , when year-end net was below the 1987 level .
In this year 's third quarter , for example , net was $ 10.5 million , or $ 1.05 a share , compared with $ 10.3 million , or $ 1.02 a share , a year earlier .
Assets as of Sept .
fell to $ 2.46 billion from about $ 2.77 billion .
We will have a reasonably flat year this year , " Mr. Schwarz says .
Mr. Schwarz also said costs associated with U.S. Trust 's planned move to midtown Manhattan from Wall Street will continue to be a drag on earnings through 1990 .
Mr .
Schwarz 's great-grandfather founded the New York toy store F.A.O. Schwarz , but his family no longer has ties to the company .
Mr. Schwarz 's father was a U.S. Trust trustee until 1974 .
U.S. Trust also created a four-member office of the chairman , effective Feb .
It will include Messrs .
Schwarz and Maurer .
Donald M. Roberts , 54 , treasurer , and Frederick S. Wonham , 58 , who takes responsibility for the funds-service group , were named vice chairmen and will serve in the office of the chairman .
Mr. Roberts continues as treasurer , and Mr. Wonham remains responsible for the offices of comptroller , planning , marketing and general services .
Frederick B. Taylor , 48 , also was named a vice chairman and chief investment officer , a new post .
He previously held similar responsibilities .
Mr. Taylor also was named a director , increasing the board to 22 , but is not part of the new office of the chairman .
James E. Bacon , 58 , executive vice president , who has directed the funds-service group , will retire .
MOSCOW. May 21 ( Interfax ) - Supplies of Russian natural gas to the Romanian market were discussed during a meeting between Gazprom CEO Alexei Miller and Romanian Ambassador to Russia Aurel Konstantin Iliye , the company said in a press release .
According the release , the sides also discussed gas storage on Romanian territory and the setting up of a joint venture in this area .
Iliye confirmed the interest of the Romanian government in developing more dynamic and broader cooperation with Gazprom .
He proposed to Gazprom to participate in a tender for the privatization of petrochemical companies in Romania and also to consider that country " as partner for supplies of oil and gas equipment to Russia , " the press release said .
The ambassador passed on an invitation from Romanian Prime Minister Adrian Nastase to Miller to come to Romania on a working visit .
The press service noted that Miller accepted this invitation .
Zimbabwe 's rigged election
The election this week in Zimbabwe was an ugly travesty from which all of southern Africa will suffer .
Voters lined up for hours at polling stations , many of them in vain .
Supporters of the main opposition candidate were intimidated and beaten .
Then the long-serving , increasingly tyrannical president , Robert Mugabe , was declared the winner .
International observers called the process deeply flawed , and the Bush administration has refused to recognize the declared results .
Unfortunately , some leading African countries like South Africa and Nigeria have compounded the problem by accepting Mugabe 's victory despite earlier assertions that they would not recognize the results of a rigged election .
By failing to hold firm they not only damage their diplomatic credibility , but also ignore the consequences for nearby African states of Mugabe 's misrule .
These include explosive political frustration , a swelling tide of desperate refugees and a growing reluctance by foreign companies and donors to invest in the region .
Washington and other Western governments may now strengthen the current mild sanctions against Zimbabwe .
These steps would be far more effective if they were joined by major African states .
Mugabe , who led Zimbabwe 's liberation struggle against white minority rule in the late 1970 's , has systematically wrecked his country 's economy and its freedoms to prolong his 22-year-old hold on power .
Zimbabwe should be an economic beacon , not a basket case .
It is blessed with fertile agricultural land , and during the first dozen years of Mugabe 's rule it was relatively prosperous and free .
That picture changed radically in the mid-1990 's when Mugabe shifted onto a highly destructive course .
He incited violent land seizures that have taken a disastrous toll on agricultural investment and production and launched a broad assault on journalistic freedom and judicial independence .
This campaign has been carried out with help from a small but loyal core of former liberation fighters turned thugs .
Thugs and fraud can not keep the 78-year-old Mugabe in power forever .
Zimbabwe 's recovery will have to wait for his departure .
Taipei , Feb. 18 ( CNA ) -- Minister of Foreign Affairs Eugene Chien said Monday he does not expect any surprise developments to come from U.S. President George W. Bush 's visit to mainland China later this week .
" The United States has more than once briefed us on the main purposes of Bush 's Asia tour before his departure and repeatedly guaranteed that Taiwan 's interests wo n't be sacrificed during Bush 's trip , " Chien told a news conference .
Bush arrived in Japan Sunday at the start of a three-nation Asia tour that will also take him to South Korea and mainland China .
Noting that this is Bush 's first visit to the Asia-Pacific area following his attendance at the annual informal leadership meeting of the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation forum last October , Chien said the Ministry of Foreign Affairs ( MOFA ) is keeping close tabs on the current trip .
According to Chien , the government has set up a special task force to facilitate communications with the United States and analyze relevant developments .
" The task force is working around the clock to monitor Bush 's visit to Japan , south Korea and mainland China , " he added .
The minister further said that since the communication channels between Taiwan and the United States have been operating smoothly , MOFA can fully grasp any possible developments .
" We hope that people will keep calm .
They need not be nervous , " he said .
Chien said he appreciated statements made by Bush prior to his departure that Taiwan is a friend of the United States and that the Taiwan Strait issue should be resolved peacefully .
Chien said the Republic of China government hopes that the United States will continue to play the role of " promoter , stabilizer and balancer " in cross-strait relations .
In his view , Chien went on , the main purpose of Bush 's current Asia visit is to promote world peace and security .
" Bush hopes to take advantage of his trip to forge a consensus with U.S. allies in the Asia-Pacific area on his administration 's fight against terrorism and the proliferation of nuclear weapons .
He said Bush is expected to discuss bilateral security cooperation , Japan 's economic reforms and financial aid to Afghanistan in his talks with Japanese Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi .
During his trip to Seoul , Chien said , Bush is expected to exchange views with South Korean leaders on arms procurement and policies toward North Korea .
" As for the topics to be touched upon in Bush 's talks with Beijing leaders , the agenda will include mainland China 's agricultural market opening , religious freedom and human rights condition , missile shield and Taiwan Strait issues , " Chien noted .
Endeavour links to space station with delivery of fresh 3-man crew
CAPE CANAVERAL -- Space shuttle Endeavour docked with the international space station Friday , delivering a new three-member crew to relieve the men who have been up there since August .
The shuttle pulled up as the two spacecraft orbited 250 miles above the Polish-Ukrainian border , ending a two-day chase .
Space station commander Frank Culbertson had eagerly awaited the arrival of Endeavour , his ride home .
Although his four-month stay was quiet , the retired Navy fighter pilot said he felt isolated and frustrated after the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks .
His crewmates were two Russians .
`` We 're ready to see you guys , '' Culbertson radioed once Endeavour pulled within 1 1/2 miles .
He watched as the shuttle , a ghostly white against the blackness of space , drew ever closer .
As Endeavour slowly closed the final 40 feet , Culbertson rang the ship 's bell aboard the space station and announced in the tradition of the high seas , `` Endeavour arriving . ''
Culbertson and his crewmates , Vladimir Dezhurov and Mikhail Tyurin , will move out of the space station today .
Taking their places will be Russian Yuri Onufrienko , the next commander , and Americans Carl Walz and Daniel Bursch .
They will stay aboard until May .
BEIJING , Sept 27 ( AFP ) - China has arrested a number of suspected separatists in its territory bordering Afghanistan and Pakistan as part of a security clampdown ahead of possible US military strikes in the region , local officials said Thursday .
Large numbers of People 's Liberation Army troops have also been seen on the move in the Muslim-majority region of Xinjiang , to the far west of China , they said .
" Many people have been arrested in the past weeks , including suspected separatists and criminals , " said an official at the minority religious affairs bureau in Kashgar , Xinjiang , China 's furthest west city .
" Public sentencing rallies have been going on in many counties around Kashgar , " the official , who identified himself only as Yakefu , told AFP .
He also said increasing troop movements had been seen at night around Kashgar , but was unsure where they were going or what their orders were .
Another official said Thursday the main expert on Xinjiang from the US embassy in Beijing had been dispatched to the region to discuss regional attitudes to the devastating terror attacks on the US two weeks ago and to Afganistan 's ruling ultra-Islamic Taliban regime .
Diplomat Arthur Marquardt arrived in Kashgar on Saturday and left Wednesday for the provincial capital of Urumqi , said Dong Jianhua at the Kashgar foreign affairs bureau .
Marquardt held separate meetings with police , the minority religious affairs office and other departments , she said .
" They were talking about China 's 'development of the West ' program , China 's policies on minority nationalities , our opinions on the September 11 attack and the Taliban forces , " she said .
China has been keeping a particularly close eye on the situation in Xinjiang as expectation mounts the US will launch military action against Afghanistan , home to the suspected mastermind of the terror attacks , Osama bin Laden [ Usama Bin Ladin ] .
Foreign ministry spokesman Zhu Bangzao said Tuesday China would take " all necessary measures " to ensure the stability of its border regions ahead of any US retaliatory strikes .
Authorities are only too aware that Kashgar is 4,000 kilometres ( 2,500 miles ) from Beijing but only a tenth of the distance from the Pakistani border , and are desperate to ensure instability or militancy does not leak over the frontiers .
There have been a series of bomb blasts in recent years in Urumqi and Beijing , linked to Xinjiang separatists seeking to establish an independent state of East Turkistan .
However Dong of the Kashgar foreign affairs bureau said the security clampdown was usual , and linked to next week 's national day holiday .
" This crackdown is very normal , we always do these things every year before public holidays , " she said .
She stressed the atmosphere in Kashgar , an ancient city along the historic Silk Road , was peaceful , although tourism and border trade in the region had been affected by the security situation .
" Many tour groups have been cancelled , so the region 's tourism has been affected , " she said .
In neighboring Hetian city , a hotbed of Muslim separatists in the impoverished southern part of Xinjiang that also borders Pakistan , the situation was also " peaceful " , said an official at the city 's foreign affairs office .
18 ( Jiji Press ) -- Pakistani Finance Minister Shaukat Aziz will visit Japan as early as late October as a special envoy of President Pervez Musharraf , Pakistani government officials said Thursday .
He will be the first Pakistani minister to visit Japan since the United States began air strikes against Afghanistan in early October .
Aziz will stay in Japan around five days and meet with Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi and Finance Minister Masajuro Shiokawa , the government officials said .
In meetings with Japanese officials , Aziz will explain impacts of Afghan refugees flooding into Pakistan on its economy , they said .
He is expected to give Koizumi Musharraf 's letter implicitly asking for Japan 's debt relief for Pakistan .
Italian farmer charged with illegally slaughtering cattle
Benevento , 13 February : A 67-year-old farmer from Benevento near Naples was arrested today on charges of illegally slaughtering cattle .
The man was caught by police while secretly slaughtering a cow at his farm .
The meat was confiscated and will be tested to see if it is contaminated with " mad cow " disease , or bovine spongiform encephalopathy .
Police stressed they had stepped up farm inspections across the region of Campania amid heightened concern over illegal slaughtering practices in the wake of Italy 's first suspected case of vCJD - the fatal brain-wasting human form of BSE .
The case concerns a 23-year-old woman from Menfi in southwest Sicily whom health officials said last week had almost certainly contracted the disease in Italy and at least five years ago .
Federico Piccoli , a top neurologist at Palermo hospital who is helping to treat the woman , immediately warned that further cases of vCJD in Sicily were only to be expected because " the illegal slaughter of animals still goes on here " .
His comments were immediately contested by meat industry representatives and vet associations but the opposition Green party said yesterday there was evidence that illegal slaughtering practices were on the rise in several southern regions such as Campania , Sicily and Puglia and that the meat was entering the food chain .
Italy launched a BSE cattle-testing programme in January 2001 , in compliance with European Union regulations , and so far 56 cases of " mad cow " disease have been detected .
As Israeli tanks push their way into one Palestinian population center after another it has become more and more difficult to guess what political objectives might be driving Prime Minister Ariel Sharon .
He says he wants to destroy the " infrastructure " behind the suicide attacks against the Israelis .
We can understand this as an immediate military objective , but nothing will be achieved by the operation politically .
The temporary security it may produce will be lost immediately if the troops are withdrawn .
The desperate tableau that has emerged in the last few days is becoming even more dismal , and the administration of President George W. Bush does not appear to have any sort of logical Near East policy .
In the past week , the United States has taken a stand in support of the Saudi Arabian peace plan .
In the United Nations , it supported [ a call for ] the removal of Israeli troops from the cities in the occupied areas .
Nevertheless , in his subsequent remarks , Bush encouraged Sharon to continue .
Suicide attacks do not require an extensive infrastructure .
A few kilograms of explosives , a simple detonating fuse , and a desperate hatred are the most important ingredients .
The categorical moral condemnation of terrorism is self-evident , but this will not free Israel from the problem it faces .
Israeli 's own 35-year-old occupation and resettlement policies have created the breeding ground for the terrorism that Sharon is now trying to root out by resorting exclusively to military means .
Even if , contrary to all reason , the operation turns out to be successful , the underlying problem would remain the same as before .
Israel is responsible for about three million bitter people who lack political rights .
The only means of preventing a return to terrorism would be [ to launch ] a counter-terrorist effort that extends to every village .
This would soon erode both what is left of the army 's reputation and its military cutting edge .
Israel 's resettlement policies have been justified on the grounds of security .
The last few months have demonstrated that , on the contrary , they have become an extraordinary burden .
Traffic to the settlements prevents the effective monitoring of Israel 's borders .
The high birthrate of the Palestinian population guarantees that it will not be possible to change the population balance of the occupied territories by stepping up resettlement [ by the Jewish population ] .
Since Sharon refuses to offer the Palestinians their own state with acceptable borders and conditions , there are two alternatives left .
One would think that no politically prudent Israeli could support either of them .
The first would involve continuous occupation and [ the development of ] an apartheid state similar to South Africa .
Terrorism will not be absent from such a country and , in the process , Israel will lose the right to count itself among the world 's democracies .
The other alternative entails the massive expulsion of the three million Palestinians to neighboring countries with the human and political catastrophe that would accompany this .
Sharon , of course , will not admit that he is planning anything like this , even though the idea has been discussed in Israel .
The Prime Minister should explain once and for all what third objective he might have for his actions .
It is high time for the United States to hurry to offer its assistance .
The ingredients for a decision are in large measure in place if they would only be admitted by the two sides .
They are the simultaneous ending of the violence and the [ Israeli ] resettlement policy followed by negotiations on the basis of the recent Saudi Arabian proposal and the earlier results of the talks at Camp David and Taba .
By supporting Sharon 's irresponsible saber rattling , Washington places strains on its relations with the Arab countries and needlessly puts off a settlement , in which it must some day play the role of midwife .
Bangkok , Aug. 28 ( CNA ) -- The Taipei-based Chinese Federation of Labor ( CFL ) attended the Asian regional meeting of the International Labor Organization ( ILO ) held Tuesday in Bangkok , mainly because of its work to protect foreign laborers in Taiwan .
CFL President Lin Hui-kuan led the Taiwan delegation to the meeting in the name of observer of the International Confederation of Free Trade Union ( ICFTU ) .
It was the first time that a Taiwan labor group has been invited to participate in a meeting of the ILO , which is an affiliate of the United Nations .
The CFL 's participation in the meeting did not meet with any objection from Beijing , as it attended as an observer of a non-U.N. organization .
Beijing opposes Taiwan 's participation in any international organization in which sovereignty is a prerequisite .
Lin told CNA that the CFL gained high appraisal in its efforts to protect the rights of Thai , Filipino , Indonesian and Vietnamese workers in Taiwan .
Taiwan is the only country in Asia that allows foreign laborers to enjoy the same salary levels as their local counterparts , which elevates its image in international society , Lin added .
He indicated that although Taiwan is not a U.N. member , it has signed two international agreements related to labor affairs and abides by all the regulations stipulated by the ILO .
Recently , Lin added , the Republic of China government was about to eliminate the minimum wage requirement for foreign workers mainly due to pressure from the business sector .
However , through the protests of local labor groups , foreign laborers ' working rights were protected , bringing extra attention to the power of Taiwan labor groups .
Lin noted that Taiwan is one of the ICFTU founders and that its participation in the ILO can serve as a model for Taiwan to take part in international activities .
Lin and his delegation are scheduled to return home Sept. 1 after the quadrennial meeting .
US President George W. Bush presented 14 February his alternative plan to the Kyoto Protocol , which is designed to slow down global warming .
This proposal places no obligation whatsoever on industrialists and is based on voluntary measures and tax incentives .
The White House hastened to describe the Bush plan as " the most audacious program in American history aiming at reducing power station gas emissions . "
But environmentalists immediately attacked this US proposal .
" A Valentine 's Day gift for the polluters. " Carl Pope , the director of the Sierra Club , one of the major US environmental protection associations , does not mince his words when describing the US plan to replace the Kyoto Protocol .
Presented Thursday 14 February by President George W. Bush , this alternative plan for slowing down global warming moves away from the binding measures of implementation of the Kyoto Protocol , recently approved by more than 170 countries in Marrakech , but rejected in March 2001 by President Bush , who deemed it harmful to the US economy and reproached it for imposing constraints on industrialized countries only .
So this new version has new bases .
Contrary to the preceding one , the plan proposed by Washington Thursday thus no longer has any binding procedure and is based on voluntary measures and tax incentives .
It advocates a voluntarist approach to the fight against global warming by directly linking the objectives of greenhouse gas reduction to US economic growth .
According to the White House , this should make it possible to reduce " the intensity of greenhouse gas emission generated by the US economy " by 18 % over the next 10 years , an objective described by the Bush Administration as " comparable " to that imposed by the Kyoto Protocol .
For the moment Mr. Bush simply proposes to curb the increase in harmful gas emissions and is counting on the good will of US industrialists , who account for 36 % of the greenhouse gas produced by industrialized countries ( as opposed to 31.6 % for Europe ) .
The objectives , as set out in the plan , are to " slow down and then stop the growth in the emissions of harmful gases and , if scientific studies justify it , diminish them . "
The aim is to lower polluting emissions from 183 tonnes per million dollars of GDP to 151 tonnes in 2012 .
To encourage industry and consumers to demonstrate environmental public spiritedness Mr. Bush proposes tax incentives of $ 4.6 billion for the adoption of renewable sources of energy .
Mr. Bush calls for India and China To Act
The US President asserted , moreover , his determination to win developing countries over to his plan , stating that the US approach would give them a " yardstick for progress on climate changes which recognizes their right to economic development . "
He asserted , in an allusion to the binding objectives of the Kyoto Protocol , that it would be " unjust and counterproductive to condemn developing countries to weak or even nonexistant economic growth by insisting that they adopt unrealistic greenhouse gas reduction targets . "
Mr. Bush did , nevertheless , affirm that " the United States will not interfere with the countries opting for the ratification of the Kyoto Protocol . "
" But I have the intention of working with nations , particularly developing nations , to convince them that a better approach exists , " he said .
President George W. Bush considered , moreover , that it would be " irresponsible " not to ask India and China to reduce their greenhouse gas emissions .
" Developing nations such as China and India already account for a majority of the world 's greenhouse gas emissions .
And it would be irresponsible to absolve them from shouldering some of the shared obligations " in the fight against global warming .
The Discontent of the Environmentalists
As far as the US Administration is concerned , this approach will make it posible to " stabilize greenhouse gas concentrations in the atmosphere in the long run , while sustaining the economic growth needed to finance our investments in a new , cleaner energy structure . "
The White House hastened to describe the Bush plan as " the most audacious program in American history aiming at reducing power station gas emissions , " considering that it would be possible to save the administration up to $ 1 billion , compared to the costs that binding rules would lead to .
But environmentalists immediately attacked this US proposal .
Philip Clapp , president of the National Environment Trust , sums up well the general thrust of the reaction of environmental movements : " There is no reason at all to believe that the polluters are suddenly going to become reasonable . "
Carl Pope , the director of the Sierra Club , considers for his part that the Bush Administration " is sticking to the polluting policies that the energy industry asked for rather than taking the sensible steps that can protect our health . "
According to Steve Sawyer , one of Greenpeace International 's climate experts , the plan " will have very little effect on emissions , assuming it has any . "
" Instead of making itself the champion of the global fight against the greenhouse effect , the United States is moving in exactly the opposite direction from that followed by the rest of the international community with the Kyoto Protocol , " according to Greenpeace .
Amman -- Jordan , bound by environmental clauses in the Free Trade Agreement ( FTA ) with the US , is currently mulling over signing the Kyoto Protocol on global warming even though Washington turned down the protocol six months ago .
Having clauses on the protection of environmental and labour rights in the body of the FTA does not stop the government from signing environmental agreements refused by the US , according to Minister of Municipal and Rural Affairs and the Environment Abdul Razzaq Tbeishat .
He explained to The Jordan Times that " in Jordan , we conclusively believe that development can not be achieved unless the environment is protected . "
Certain steps have to be taken with regard to this objective -- including signing the Kyoto deal , he said .
He announced the government 's intentions to sign the Kyoto treaty on Sunday during a workshop on climate change , organised by the ministry and the United Nations Development Programme ( UNDP ) .
In 1992 , Jordan signed the UN Climate Change Convention that compels nations to curb global warming , which is blamed on gases produced by factories and cars that burn fuel .
The Kyoto climate treaty is another international effort to limit greenhouse gases and fight global warming .
Asked whether signing the Kyoto Protocol will affect Jordan and US efforts to upgrade the Kingdom 's environmental framework , Tbeishat said that signing the protocol will have a " positive " outcome on Jordan .
He explained that both the US and Jordan have different issues to deal with on a national level , including environmental issues .
" In the US , they have their own circumstances , " the minister said .
" But here , we are a developing country and we care about having clean industry ... the whole world knows our position , [ which is ] to achieve sustainable development . "
The Kyoto Protocol was agreed upon by 160 countries under the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change ( UNFCCC ) .
The convention was created in 1992 , and adopted in Kyoto , Japan , in 1997 .
Under the agreement , industrialised nations must reduce their emissions of greenhouse gases by an average of 5.2 per cent ( from 1990 levels ) from between 2008 to 2012 .
After the Clinton administration signed the Kyoto Protocol in November 1998 , the new Bush administration overturned the decision last April , as the US was facing a faltering economy and rising energy prices .
The head of the Spanish Government , Jose Maria Aznar , told Argentine President Fernando de la Rua that Spain has absolute confidence in Argentina 's economy , and that Madrid has placed a " strategic bet " on Argentina overcoming its economic crisis , said official sources in Spain .
During a private dinner held Tuesday [ 16 October ] at Moncloa Palace , the seat of the Spanish presidency , the leaders examined Argentina 's economic problems and the electoral setback suffered by the governing Alliance in the elections held Sunday [ 14 October ] in Argentina , according to sources within the Spanish foreign ministry .
At the dinner attended by Aznar and De la Rua , who both also took part in the inauguration of the Second International Congress of the Spanish Language in Valladolid ( center ) that day , Spanish Economy Minister Rodrigo Rato , Interior Minister Mariano Rajoy , and Foreign Minister Josep Pique were also present .
Rato explained the macroeconomic measures that were applied in Spain to De la Rua , at a time when the Argentine Government is aiming for a zero deficit .
According to the Spanish foreign ministry , Aznar and De la Rua also spoke about the next Ibero-American Summit , which will take place this November in Lima , as well as relations between the European Union and Latin America .
The Spanish leader also took advantage of the occasion to tell the Argentine head of state about his last telephone conversation -- which took place on Monday [ 15 October ] -- with US President George W. Bush , regarding the progress of military operations in Afghanistan .
During that conversation , Bush and Aznar also spoke about the situation in Argentina , the Spanish president told De la Rua .
Kazakh president optimistic about future of CIS
Moscow , 29 November : Kazakh President Nursultan Nazarbayev , who has arrived in Moscow to attend the 10th anniversary summit of the Commonwealth of Independent States , said upon his arrival on Thursday [ 29 November ] that " certain apathy " to the commonwealth has developed in the CIS member countries .
Making his point clear , he said that the former Soviet republics " have not completely fallen apart , but have not formed a sufficiently strong alliance on a new basis either " .
He said , however , that a real unification will take place after all , since the CIS countries have far more reasons for a union that the European Union countries .
He said this tendency reflects the economic and cultural traditions of the CIS countries which were formerly part of the Soviet Union .
The current summit will hopefully allow the CIS countries to lay new ways towards rapprochement .
Concerning the delimitation of the border between Kazakhstan and Russia , Nazarbayev said that this process is continuing without any disagreements and with mutual respect for each other 's interests , and that documents on the final delimitation are likely to be signed next year .
Getting back to the problem of broadening all-round cooperation between the CIS countries , Nazarbayev said that a new factor - globalization - is accelerating this process .
" We can not stand on the sidelines of this global tendency , " the Kazakh president said .
okay Ellen what kind of a car do you think you 're going to buy
well as a matter of fact i was thinking about that the other day and uh
i really do n't know the answer um
i would sort of like to uh think about something in the way of uh uh sort of a sporty car but not any not you know a luxury type
sporty one but um
yeah
something that still has a lots of amenities and you know gadgets and things
oh you do want a lot of that stuff
yeah well yeah i like i like some of those things they come in really handy
what kind of uh
things are you going to consider you know what uh you said something about the about the
well what do you call them you said amenities
amenities
that they have but what about um their reputation of the company or the price
um well of course i guess uh price is always the big consideration
but
it is for me other people do n't seem to have the same problem
yeah
well that 's that 's a big one in my book but uh um
yeah
i have preferences for uh for some um makers over others
um and i would sort of like to buy American
yeah
but you know i 'm not so totally hung up on that that i would n't buy something else how about you
well um the last car we bought was American because of because of that reason but have not been entirely happy with um
several things about the car it does n't seem like the quality is quite as high as i expected it to be
oh really
because several things minor things sort of but still they cost us money um that we did n't feel like we should have had to pay on a car that that was that new
um-hum
you know we bought the car new and after um well well well under two years we had to replace the clutch
oh
and they just said well you know clutches are disposable and i said since when
brake pads are disposable you know we know that but i never thought a clutch was disposable
yeah
yeah
yeah i would n't have thought so either
yeah so that was that was kind of a shock
oh
oh yeah i i guess there 's a lot to to think about when you 're trying to make that decision
yeah you know the less actually the less you spend on a car it seems like luxury cars they 're called luxury cars even though they 're much more expensive like like uh
um a Mercedes Benz they do n't have the history of breaking down or things like that that would go wrong would definitely not be considered disposable
right
you would never think of having to replace the clutch in a Mercedes
no but then um
especially not after two years
no but on the other hand i guess too uh whenever you do have to have some major work done on one of those it costs a fortune
really oh i do n't know
yeah i 've uh worked with a couple of people who have owned uh various years uh Mercedes and
um-hum
even though they do a lot of the work themselves then just buying the parts and everything is is pretty expensive but for them it 's it 's sort of a hobby too to own them
yeah
what kind of what brand of car are you thinking about buying or like what things are you looking at
well i have n't really really gotten that far with it um i 've always sort of liked General Motors a little bit better than some of the others but uh
um-hum
oh i guess i really do n't know
how come i 've been kind of um
i guess the commercials are getting to me the Toyota commercials and i know that a lot of people i 've i 've known that have had Toyotas have been just extremely happy with them that hardly had any problems at all
yeah
yeah that i think that 's
i think they have a really good um quality
um-hum my uh daughter has owned two different ones and uh
you know we 've had some work done on them but it 's not too bad and the reason one of the reasons we um
bought the first one was because a friend of ours had a Toyota that he just really drove for years and years and years and he lived way out in the country so he put a lot of miles on it
um-hum
and you knew it had had been through a whole lot
um-hum
and yet you know it it held up pretty doggone good so
yeah
i thought they would
they seem to be really durable
yeah
so i do n't know i 'm i 'm not ready to buy a new car yet but i do n't know if if the next time i 'm going to try to
to stay with buying something American or if i 'm going to go for a little more
what i would consider to be a long-term investment
yeah
well and i guess you know you always have to think about things like your gas mileage and stuff like that you know you
oh it 's easy to get gas mileage in this car it gets excellent gas mileage
yeah
yeah that 's one of the big throwing cards for
some of the foreign ones
um-hum
well
we talked long enough
i think so
okay well enjoyed it bye-bye
all righty thanks bye-bye
Tehran , April 20 , IRNA -- President Mohammad Khatami on Friday evening congratulated the Venezuelan government and nation for the victory and restoration of the legitimate government of President Hugo Chavez after a failed military coup in that country .
During a telephone conversation , President Khatami told his Venezuelan counterpart , President Hugo Chavex , that the return of the legitimate president and government to power was a victory of justice and freedom .
The Iranian president also expressed the hope that with the return of President Chavez the Venezuelan government would be able to achieve its exalted objectives with the support of the people .
Referring to the difficult period the venezuelan nation went through in the past week , President Chavez said the anti-democractic attempts to topple his government failed with the help of the Almighty God and the people .
As to the re-establishment of legal order in his country , Chavez briefed the Iranian president on the latest developments in his country .
Referring to the objective of those who were behind the military coup in Venezuela , Chavez said they wwanted to have Venezuela come out from the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries ( OPEC ) and therefore tried to produce more oil in order to undermine the organization .
President Chavez thanked President Khatami for his telephone call and wished success for the Iranian government and nation .
The two presidents expressed a mutual desire to meet in the near future .
Iran , Sunday last week , sent congratulations to Venezuela on hearing of the return of the rule of law and reinstatement of the legitimate government of President Chavez after the two-day military collapsed .
On Saturday it condemned the the ouster of the democratically elected president of Venezuela , saying , " resorting to a coup and the use of force is not an acceptable method to bring about political change and the method is not in conformity with the norms of present human society . "
Chavez was brought back to the Venezuelan presidential palace detained after the coup and thereafter resumed his functions as president .
Chavez , whose mandate was due to end in 2006 , was forced out of office by the country 's armed forces who blamed him for the deaths of 15 people during demonstrations in the streets of central Caracas against an opposition protest which later became violent .
Chavez is a staunch supporter of oil production cuts in order to boost prices in the world market .
He initiated a successful Caracas OPEC summit in September 2000 , the second in the 40-year existence of the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries .
Even More " Proving Rape "
Chatterbox feels that the Wall Street Journal editorial page's coverage of Juanita Broaddrick 's rape charges against Bill Clinton ( see " Proving Rape , " " More Proving Rape , " as well as Michael Kinsley's " Readme " column in the current issue ) cries out for the introduction of the Scientific Method into the usually mushy business of assessing press responsibility .
With that in mind , Chatterbox hereby inaugurates the Intellectual Dishonesty ( henceforth to be known as the Indis ) Index .
Here 's how it works : Publications that refuse to acknowledge ( even if to refute the importance of ) highly significant but inconvenient facts in their news or opinion coverage of controversial events will score one point for the initial offense .
They will then score one point for every subsequent issue or broadcast or Internet posting after the first offense is noted by Chatterbox if they continue not to report said inconvenient fact -- and an additional two points on days when the news organization runs a follow-up without making note of said inconvenient fact .
Publications receiving a score of 10 will be inducted into the Indis Hall of Fame .
Publications that get all the way up to 20 will be faxed a likeness of Joseph Stalin .
Chatterbox would prefer not to invoke the phrase " intellectual dishonesty , " because it 's pompous and falsely suggests that only intellectuals can be intellectually dishonest .
But Chatterbox does n't know any other easily understandable phrase that describes this particular kind of offense .
For the purposes of this survey , the Wall Street Journal will be counted as a separate and distinct publication from the Journal 's editorial page , because , in essence , it is .
The Journal editorial page continues not to acknowledge that Norma Kelsey , the friend and employee to Juanita Broaddrick who is one of two people partially corroborating Broaddrick 's rape accusation , is the daughter of a man whose murderer was pardoned by Gov. Bill Clinton .
A responsible account of the whole controversy in today 's New York Times reports that Kelsey says the pardon had nothing to do with her corroboration .
The Journal editorial page gets one point for failing to note the pardon in its initial Op-Ed by Dorothy Rabinowitz on Feb .
Because it has published three times since the initial omission , it scores an additional three points .
And because it published an editorial Feb .
taunting the rest of the press for not following it on the story -- and still did n't mention the pardon -- it scores an extra two points .
That comes to a total of six .
Chatterbox feels certain that the Journal editorial page will provide some follow-up tomorrow to tonight 's NBC broadcast of its own Broaddrick interview , which means that if the Journal editorial page continues to take no action it will be in the Indis Hall of Fame by Monday at the latest !
Chatterbox considered but rejected the idea of awarding Rabinowitz bonus points for having " eventually convinced " Broaddrick to grant an interview to the New York Times ( as the Times reports in today 's story ) .
But the Scientific Method does not permit any tinkering with the Indis Index 's scoring procedures .
And besides , Rabinowitz 's efforts on the Times ' behalf were n't really unethical , just puzzling , given the two newspapers ' intense rivalry .
When Chatterbox asked the Journal 's DC bureau chief , Alan Murray , who exercised good judgment in not breaking the Broaddrick story ( and -- full disclosure -- is Chatterbox 's former boss ) , to comment about a Journal employee 's feeding sources to the Times , he replied : " I do n't really have any comment on what the edit page did .
They do their thing , we do ours .
Which is what Journal news employees are instructed to say whenever the editorial page causes them cringing embarrassment .
For her part , Rabinowitz explains to Chatterbox that her efforts on behalf of the Times were more indifferent than the Times made them sound .
Ms .
Broaddrick told me Sunday that a Times reporter had appeared at the house in the a.m .
and that she had refused an interview , " Rabinowitz writes in an e-mail message .
I asked her why she had decided to talk to the New York Post 's Steve Dunleavy , and refused a Times reporter .
She said Dunleavy caught her by surprise .
She asked if I thought it would be all right to talk to the Times reporter .
I told her it would be -- certainly as all right as talking to Dunleavy .
She said , 'Well , I 'm sorry I did n't .
She said she would if he called again .
I passed this on to [ Times reporter ] Felicity Barringer during our second day 's interview chat .
So -- that 's how it happens that in the New York Times piece today I'm described -- solemnly -- as having 'eventually convinced ' her to repeat the story to the New York Times .
Timothy Noah
Recent weeks have seen important developments on both sides of the Atlantic for the policy pursued in combating climate change .
In Europe , the council of environment ministers concluded a formal political agreement on 4 March on the decision to ratify the Kyoto Protocol before 1 June this year .
With this major decision , the European Union is opening the door to the entry into force of the Kyoto Protocol for climate protection just in time for the world summit on sustainable development to be held in August 2002 in Johannesburg .
In the United States , on 14 February President Bush presented the US national climate protection program .
It should be remembered that after Bush described the Kyoto Protocol as " fundamentally flawed " international negotiations on climate protection almost collapsed .
The United States , the world 's biggest emitter of greenhouse gases ( 25 percent of global emissions ) withdrew from an international agreement that , for the first time , set binding targets for developed countries for climate protection .
We now know that the US withdrawal did not stop the world community from deepening this important multilateral agreement for combating climate change .
The European Union played a dominant role in these negotiations and the community of states concluded , at the Bonn and Marrakech conferences of July and October last year , an agreement that sets out how to implement the Kyoto Protocol and provides for an original mechanism for respecting the reduction obligations that could possibly serve as a model for other agreements and that suggests a possible strengthening of international institutional structures in the environmental field .
This must now be ratified by all the parties and will shortly enter into force .
However , all the parties repeated with insistence that world climate protection can not be effective unless the United States takes measures that are comparable to these taken by Europe and Japan .
Unfortunately , the recent US climate protection program falls far short of meeting such expectations .
Although there is a certain satisfaction at seeing President Bush recognize the need to fight climate change , that must not in any way conceal the extreme weakness of what he announced .
Under the US program , US emissions as a proportion of GDP must fall by 18 percent between 2002 and 2012 , or in other words energy efficiency must increase by 18 percent .
This can hardly be described as ambitious as a 15 percent increase in energy efficiency was in any event expected given present productivity levels .
In addition , if the US economy continues to grow , the increased energy efficiency will be cancelled out or more than cancelled out .
With an annual economic growth objective of 3 percent , absolute US emissions in 2012 will be 24.5 percent more than 1990 levels , despite the improvement in energy efficiency .
By comparison , respect for the Kyoto Protocol requires the EU to reduce its emissions by 8 percent compared with 1990 , Japan by 6 percent , and the United States by 7 percent , a figure accepted by President Clinton in 1997 .
The warnings by climate experts went unheeded in the US climate protection program .
In its last report , the IPCC [ Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change ] called for rapid and decisive action to at least avert the most serious consequences of climate change .
Scientists estimate that the industrialized countries must reduce their emissions to around 70 percent by 2020 to maintain climate change at an acceptable level .
Researchers have shown that without a determined policy on climate coordinated at international level the consequences of climate change will be dramatic .
The average global temperature will increase by 5.8d C by 2100 , sea levels will rise by up to 90 cm over the same period , and there will be an increasing number of hurricanes with ever more serious consequences , while man and nature will have to cope with a shift in climate and rainfall zones the like of which has never been seen before .
At our instigation , on 4 March EU environment ministers therefore called on the United States to " assume its responsibilities under the framework agreement on climate change , " that is to stabilize greenhouse gas emissions at 1990 levels and strengthen domestic actions to bring them into line with the level of effort accepted by the industrial countries in application of the Kyoto Protocol .
If the effects of climate change were not so devastating and our action were to be guided by economic competition , we Europeans could welcome the fact that the United States is not committing itself to an ambitious climate protection program , in so far as the technologies in the field of energy efficiency and renewable energy are the technologies of the future .
Anybody who fails to exploit these markets from the outset will remain lagging behind .
Demand for these technologies is increasing worldwide .
The " three liters for 100 kilometers " car , high efficiency turbines , and solar panels are export successes and their development is driven by a climate protection policy of growing amplitude .
Even today it is difficult to find buyers outside the United States for the fuel-guzzling cars of the US automobile industry .
US reticence is not therefore a reason for us to reduce our climate protection efforts .
The dominant role of the European climate protection policy has benefits for our economy .
Many studies show that an active policy of climate protection is not in any way contrary to a policy of full employment .
On the contrary , it can have a positive effect .
By implementing our European and national climate protection programs we will succeed in creating several hundred thousand new jobs by 2010 .
We hope that the United States will come to realize that an active climate protection policy is not only necessary for environmental policy but is also an excellent opportunity to modernize industrial society .
The Kyoto Protocol is a first major step .
It should therefore be implemented as quickly as possible and extended beyond the initial period of 2008-2012 .
The return of the United States to the system must remain our goal .
The door remains wide open for the United States to return to the Kyoto process : The biggest emitter of greenhouse gases can not be relieved of its responsibilities for global climate protection .
The US President is giving two kinds of speeches .
The first is improvised and not devoid of slips of the tongue .
The second is carefully written and studied from every aspect , and represents the official policy of the country .
There is controversy about which type is more credible .
Perhaps improvisation is a better indication of the inclinations and personal convictions of the President , because by improvising he is expressing what runs through his mind since the tongue is an extension of the heart .
On the other hand , written speeches are more indicative of the policy drafted by the decision-making circles for a final decision by the President .
The State of the Union Address , given by the President in a joint meeting of the House of Representatives and Senate every year , is a pre-prepared speech .
Every phrase in it was carefully studied , particularly the phrase that referred to Iran , Iraq , and North Korea as an axis of evil .
Axis is a term that was created by Mussolini signifying the alliance of Germany , Italy , and Japan .
As for evil , it is a term used by former President Reagan to describe the Soviet Union , although its evil was self-destructive , causing the country to collapse from within .
The new axis of evil , which Bush has come up with , by combining the words of Mussolini and Reagan , was not a successful choice .
If it was viable to describe terrorist organizations as evil , then it is not viable to do the same for countries .
Besides , politicians refer to good and evil only for purposes of intimidation and exaggeration .
During World War II , the axis countries were very strong and bound by an alliance .
The new axis , however , represents small developing countries that are not linked by any alliance or cooperation .
In fact , Iraq and Iran were involved in the longest destructive war during the second half of the 20th century .
As for North Korea , it is a country living in isolation and is keeping its good and evil from everyone else .
Its name was only mentioned in the axis of evil to remove suspicion around the United States ' hostility to Islam .
As for Iran , the United States is eager to open a dialogue with it , especially since the reform school in Iran is progressing at the expense of the traditional , conservative school .
It is very unlikely that the United States would be involved in a war with it .
This leaves Iraq , which the Washington circles want to antagonize and to go to war with .
If the United States wages a war against Iraq then this would not be out of necessity , like the war against terrorism .
It would be a choice that confirms the extremist inclinations of some members of the US Administration .
18 ( Yonhap ) -- The government on Monday announced its position on U.S. President George W. Bush 's new policy to control greenhouse gas emissions that he wants discussed internationally along with the Kyoto Protocol , an international treaty adopted in 1997 to control greenhouse gas emissions .
The Ministry of Foreign Affairs and Trade said in a statement that " the Government of the Republic of Korea appreciates continued interest shown by the Government of the United States in climate change and their efforts in presenting on February 14 a new initiative to address this issue which is one of the greatest challenges humankind faces in the 21st century . "
The statement was issued by the name of Foreign Minister Choi Sung-hong .
" The Korean Government notes that the new U.S. Government initiative adopts a flexible and gradual approach to reducing greenhouse gas emissions , and that it takes into consideration the concerns of developing countries , " the statement said
The ! Korean government is of the view that in order for the U.S. initiative to be discussed in more detail in future international fora , greater elaboration is needed , including concrete methods to establish the levels of greenhouse gas intensity , it continued .
Parties to the Climate Change Convention have been preparing for the ratification of the Kyoto Protocol since the adoption of its implementation rules last November in Marrakesh , Morocco .
" In light of this , the Korean Government believes that consultations amongst the international community are needed to build understanding on the U.S. initiative , " the statement noted , adding the Seoul government will actively participate in this process .
Over 180 countries , including the United States , have prepared for ratification of the Kyoto Protocol , a framework that requires signatories to gradually reduce greenhouse gas emissions .
The U.S. administration led by President George W. Bush rejected the Protocol early last year and recently announced a new policy on climate change which aims to reduce greenhouse gas emissions relative to Gross Domestic Product or economic activities .
Before the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks in the United States , the Bush administration had been severely blamed in the international community for rejecting the Kyoto Protocol .
Meanwhile , some other countries , including Japan and Germany , already issued statements on Bush 's new climate change policy in rather different tones .
US human rights report invites scorn
WASHINGTON : Unprecedented scepticism and scorn accompanied the release by the United States on Monday of its annual human rights report amid charges of hypocrisy and double standards arising from the ongoing war on terrorism .
Washington 's kid glove treatment of its so-called allies such as Saudi Arabia and Pakistan came up for withering scrutiny at a briefing to release the 2001 Country Reports on Human Rights Practices , an annual administrative exercise mandated by the Congress that many feel has increasingly become a meaningless ritual .
Amid widespread domestic criticism over curtailment of civil liberties , US officials laboured to convince a disbelieving press corps that the exercise was evenhanded .
The report does not look at the state of human rights in the US itself because , in the words of one official , " that would n't be fair . "
The individual country reports is a compendium of alleged human rights violations culled from various sources , mostly the local media .
The report on India , for instance , is more than 100 pages long and painstakingly lists incidents of rights violation across the country both by the government and terrorist , militant , and subversive groups .
The human rights report exercise was originally linked to US foreign assistance , but increasingly many countries are taking it less seriously in the face of Washington glossing over the record of its so-called allies .
While secular and democratic countries such as India merit a litany , a country like Saudi Arabia , one of the least free countries in the world , was turned over in 32 pages .
The US has shown no inclination to punish allies it bankrolls such as Egypt and Turkey while berating countries less relevant to it .
Critics in the media sharply questioned such duplicity at Monday 's briefing as Lorne Cramer , US Assistant Secretary for Democracy , Human Rights , and Labour , struggled to defend American policy .
Excerpts from the briefing :
Question : Just give us a couple examples what you 're doing in Saudi Arabia , Uzbekistan , Egypt .
Assistant Secretary Craner : I 'll throw out a few examples .
In Uzbekistan , we 're undertaking a programme to help a variety of civil society groups around the country come together to formulate future plans .
In Kyrgyzstan , we talk about the press in Kyrgyzstan , and we 're going to help fund an independent printing press there .
Those are just two examples that are coming out of my office .
Q : What about Saudi Arabia ?
Craner : We 're getting there .
Q : Lorne , I want to follow up on Saudi Arabia .
I 'm a little bit surprised by your glib answer .
With the demise of the Taliban , there is arguably no government in the world that has as bad a human rights record as Saudi Arabia does .
What is the United States doing to actively promote democracy and human rights with Saudi Arabia ?
Craner : Well , I would say two things .
Number one , I disagree that it 's the worst violator .
Q : Who is the worst violator ?
Craner : I would place Iraq and North Korea and Libya and a couple of other countries into that category .
Q : You did n't answer my question .
What is it that we are doing in Saudi Arabia to promote that greater voice and greater democratic participation ?
Craner : We are talking to the Saudi government about how to do that , and we are going to encourage others in the Muslim world , in the Arab world , who are trying to make their societies more democratic .
Q : At what levels are we talking ?
I mean , there 's nothing that 's visible at all to us in the outside world .
Craner : Okay .
I would look at the last paragraph , the last couple paragraphs , of the President 's State of the Union Address .
Q : But I heard this before .
I 'm asking specifically about one country .
Craner : Yes .
What are you asking ?
Q : I 'm asking what it is the United States is doing .
Craner : And I think I 've outlined that .
We 're talking to them at many levels about these issues in their country .
We 're talking to a lot of people across the Arab and Muslim world about these issues in their countries and about how they can serve as examples to others .
Q : Can I go back to Robin 's question on Saudi Arabia ?
Can you point to any kind of tangible things ?
And when you say we 're talking to the Government of Saudi Arabia , are we talking to them about starting such programs up , or are we just simply mentioning that they have a human rights problem ?
Craner : Can I talk about tangible advances in particular countries ?
There are things I would point to .
Pakistan 's decision to eliminate the requirement that religious minorities be elected separately from the mainstream electoral system .
Q : Is that something we 've talked to the Saudis about ?
Craner : They do n't have elections .
Q : ( Inaudible ) before -- that previous administrations have done before on Saudi Arabia .
We 've been talking for years with the Saudis .
What 's different ?
Craner : How do you know that ?
Q : Because other administrations told us that they 've talked to the Saudis about human rights and democracy issues , participation in women 's rights and all of it .
Craner : Well , yeah , I understand .
Other administrations have talked about these issues .
I hope you 're gong to see more of an effect from this administration .
Q : But what is it -- that does n't answer the question .
Craner : What is different currently ?
Q : What 's different from what this administration is saying to them than previous administrations have said to them ?
Craner : You 'll have to judge by the outcome .
You 'll have to see how we do it differently .
Q : Why ca n't you give us some indication ?
What 's the big secret ?
You talk about what we 're doing tangibly in every other country but Saudi Arabia .
Craner : Because I do n't yet know the effect in Saudi Arabia .
United Nations , November 14 ( XINHUA ) -- It was unrealistic to envisage that people who were suffering from lack of development , poverty , hunger and poor health could fully enjoy their human rights , several delegations stressed Wednesday to the Third Committee ( Social , Humanitarian , Cultural ) of the 56th UN General Assembly .
The committee Wednesday opened a formal debate on human rights questions , including alternative approaches for improving the effective enjoyment of human rights and fundamental freedoms .
Representatives said that the right to development was one of two major preconditions to ensure the universal protection and promotion of human rights , a press release of the committee said .
" The second crucial element , maintaining international peace and security , was also emphasized as the Committee continued its debate on human rights questions , including alternative approaches for improving the effective enjoyment of human rights and fundamental freedoms , " it said .
Briefing on the remarks by the representative of Thailand , it said : " Human rights and development were two sides of the same coin , and should be addressed in tandem . "
" People should be at the center of social and economic development efforts .
They had to be protected from other scourges and social ills , including disease , narcotic drugs , armed conflicts , terrorism and other types of transnational organized crime , " it added .
The representative of Eritrea said globalization was not only threatening to further marginalize the developing world and alienate its masses , it was also hampering the ability to exercise the rights and duties enshrined in numerous international human rights instruments , including the right to development .
" Narrowing the development gap between countries was crucial to the realization of universal human rights , " said the representative of China Shen Guofang .
" Underdevelopment had seriously hindered the capacity of developing countries to protect and promote human rights . "
" With the rapid spread of globalization and economic expansion , the situation for poor countries was deteriorating with each passing day , " Shen said .
The representative of the United States said that despite the horrors of the terrorist attack , the international community could not truly win the war against terrorism unless human rights were protected .
" There could be no expediency , no compromise , no lapse in vigilance , " he said .
" Promoting and strengthening human rights and democracy throughout the world was an integral part of the multilateral war on terrorism " .
Also speaking on the debate were the representatives of Cuba , Egypt , Morocco , Japan , Venezuela , Mali , Greece and Indonesia .
The committee will meet again Thursday to continue its general debate on human rights questions .
Mugabe says he is wide awake for polls
HARARE , Zimbabwe : A defiant President Robert Mugabe said his party had lost ground to the opposition through complacency , but would win this weekend 's presidential elections anyway , state radio reported on Tuesday .
" We are now wide awake , " Mugabe said at a rally Monday .
" We wo n't let the ( Movement for Democratic Change ) win . "
Mugabe described the opposition as " a donkey being controlled by the British , " the former colonial power .
The fledgling MDC won 57 of 120 elected seats in June 2000 parliamentary elections as Mugabe 's popularity plunged amid economic devastation and chaos .
The U.S. State Department released a human rights report on Zimbabwe Monday that accused the government of extrajudicial killings , undermining the independence of the judiciary and waging a " systematic campaign of violence targeting supporters and potential supporters of the opposition . "
Security forces tortured opponents , ruling party militants abducted people , and police arrested opposition supporters who were themselves the victims of crimes .
Freedom of the press and freedom of assembly were also severely restricted , the report said .
In his speech on Monday , Mugabe thanked African leaders for refusing to buckle to pressure to suspend Zimbabwe from the Commonwealth of Britain and its former territories at a summit of the 54-nation grouping in Australia .
Britain , Australia , Canada and New Zealand demanded the suspension of Zimbabwe from the Commonwealth to protest state-sponsored violence and human rights abuses against the opposition .
Mugabe said the decision to defer the possible suspension until Commonwealth observers report back on the election was " a victory against Britain 's attempts to introduce a new form of apartheid " to serve Western interests in developing countries .
Tendai Biti , the MDC 's foreign affairs spokesman , said Mugabe was trying to hide his policies of violence and intimidation behind his rift with Britain .
" It is not a Zimbabwe-Britain crisis .
Our people are being brutalised by fellow black Zimbabweans .
This is the issue we would want our African brothers to have understood , " he said .
African leaders closed ranks at the Commonwealth summit out of fear for their own power , he said .
" The problems of human rights and good governance are mirrored in their countries , " Biti said .
The state-run Herald newspaper , a government mouthpiece , said Tuesday British Prime Minister Tony Blair had showed personal arrogance , an obsession with Mugabe and " the shallowness of his commitment to democracy . "
The election on Saturday and Sunday presents the strongest-ever challenge to Mugabe 's rule .
The opposition accuses the government of using violence , intimidation and new security laws to cow its voters and to prevent it from effectively campaigning .
Foreign diplomats based in Harare said Monday police prevented them from finishing a meeting on Monday with MDC leader Morgan Tsvangirai .
Police declared the meeting with about 35 ambassadors and members of their staffs illegal under new security laws requiring police permission for political gatherings .
Tsvangirai called the meeting to discuss food shortages gripping Zimbabwe and measures his party was considering to combat them , diplomats said .
Police had no immediate comment .
State radio also reported Monday that three opposition lawmakers tried to bribe Zimbabwe 's air force commander to help calm security forces if Mugabe were removed .
Opposition officials said the claim was part of a government smear campaign .
Foreign governments have pressed Mugabe to restore the rule of law .
The president promised he would , but the violence has escalated , with dozens killed in February .
That Angela Merkel , the chairwoman of the Christian Democratic Union , wanted the job had long been an open secret , although no one but she knew how far she was prepared to go .
But it was the uncertainty with which her rival , Bavarian Premier Edmund Stoiber of the Christian Social Union , the CDU 's Bavarian sister party , also shrouded himself that made the question of who would lead the Union parties into the 22 September elections as chancellor candidate against incumbent Gerhard Schroeder , so exciting .
Mr. Stoiber has come a long way from his refusal to sacrifice himself for the CDU in an election that once looked impossible to win , through his statement that he would under no circumstances run against the wishes of Ms. Merkel and her party , to his willingness to take her on in a divisive vote if necessary .
Mr. Stoiber carefully tread the path to the candidacy , spurred on by many and reined in by others
But he let slip the opportunities to turn back , because the forces that drive him -- his desire to affect change , his sense of duty to his peers and his ambition -- would not permit him to pass up the biggest chance of his political life .
Mr. Stoiber seized it once the CDU made clear that it preferred him to its own chairwoman .
That has always been the basic premise for a CSU chairman to accept the candidacy on behalf of the bigger sister party .
It does not , of course , guarantee success at the polls -- or even solidarity in the campaign .
Certainly , Mr. Stoiber has done everything in his power to spare himself the fate of his mentor , Franz Josef Strauss .
Rather than force himself on the CDU , he waited to be called .
Having marginalized their own leader , the CDU grandees can not afford to leave the chancellor candidate in the lurch as well .
The most cogent argument in Mr. Stoiber 's favor is that he will be running as a hopeful and not as the ticket of last resort .
The CDU chose him because it believes in victory .
The government is floundering , more seriously than anyone would have thought six months ago .
The Union parties could not have wished for a better situation from which to launch their campaign .
If anyone in their ranks can turn this to their advantage , it is Mr. Stoiber .
Nonetheless , he will be made to realize that he can not command the CDU , that his power base lies in Munich and not in Berlin , and that the invitation of kingmakers to accept the crown comes at a cost .
Nor will Mr. Stoiber have any illusions of what it means to lead an election campaign , although he can be confident in the knowledge that what is at stake is not Edmund Stoiber , nor the Union , but Germany as a whole .
The term " Axis of Evil " that President George W. Bush used to label Iraq , Iran , and North Korea has now become a hot , much-discussed phrase .
The word " axis " reminds me of the grouping of countries during World War I and II that were enemies of the Allies .
Bush deliberate used the term to emphasize to the world the adversarial US position toward the three countries that , according to Washington 's claim , still assist terrorists and seek to develop lethal weapons .
As reminder , former US President Ronald Reagan used to call the Soviet Union " the Evil Empire . "
Bush 's objective is clear .
He simply condenses his foreign policy for others to easily understand by distinguishing the evil from the good .
He claims that he belongs to the good side and whoever is on the other side is the evil that must be destroyed or at least deserves condemnation .
It is not enough that he sees those countries as evil , he wants his allies to feel the same way about them as well .
For the countries that regard the three countries as friends or not evil , they are considered to be enemies of the United States .
The events on 11 September forced Bush to overhaul the US foreign policy .
Foreign policy was an issue that he never wanted to deal with before .
Many believed that Bush was naive about foreign affairs .
In the presidential election , he campaigned on economic and education issues and barely scraped through .
But the unexpected happened and what followed -- Usama Bin Ladin and the war in Afghanistan -- have elevated foreign policy to become the central part of his administration .
The circumstance has led Bush to again adopt an aggressive policy .
He has declared that the war against terrorism will not end at Afghanistan but will spread to other parts of the world .
It does not matter where in the world , he will vigorously hunt terrorists down if they are perceived to seek to target the United States .
As Bush has declared that Iraq , Iran , and North Korea are the " Axis of Evil , " it emphatically implies that he regards it as duty to stop them from manufacturing or acquiring lethal weapons , be they chemical , biological , or nuclear .
The line that Bush draws between friends and foes has never been any clearer .
Basically , he is telling the world the enemies of America is not just al-Qa'ida or Usama Bin Ladin .
The countries that possess the lethal weapons are the targets of suppression by the United States .
A close look will show that the United States has already carried out this aggressive policy in abrupt and rapid manner without comprehensively consulting with the countries concerned .
For example , some 660 US soldiers have been dispatched to the Philippines to join Filipino soldiers to suppress the Abu Sayyaf .
Although the US role is identified as participation in military exercise or as adviser , the real purpose is the soldiers are sent there to participate in missions that the targets are the groups that are regarded as enemies of the United States .
The new US policy deserves to be closely analyzed and monitored .
It is necessary for Thai people to understand the important change in the policy of the country whose economic , political , and military influence impact on the world the most .
Whether a country agrees with and regardless of how it views the US policy , the United States is taking the direction that emphasizes its national security and confrontation with the countries that Washington regards as enemies .
This may result in more intense armed confrontation .
The terrorist groups may step up sabotage of US targets and the US allies .
The US naming of North Korea may annoy China , given its assistance to the United States in the war in Afghanistan .
Iran tried to become more helpful to the United States during the war in Afghanistan , but now that it has been identified as an " evil " it likely will readjust its stance .
The world has heated up a notch .
Seeing in believing , and the longer you live the more you see .
It was written , the episode was broadcast live , and there was no way that those words from the president of the Republic were adulterated , deformed , or falsified by the hidden agents of the media conspiracy .
No .
He asserted , in these exact words , this barbarism : " 4 February is not just any date , it is a historic date we can well compare to 19 April 1810 , when that civic-military rebellion also opened a new path towards national independence . "
No one had gone so far in the anthology of rhetorical follies , or in falsifying history .
No one had ever tried to compare themselves to , and put themselves in the same position , as the founders of the nation , as the thwarted leader of the 4 February 1992 coup has now tried to do .
What is there about a coup against the constitutional order that could resemble the most important day in Venezuelan history ?
In what way can Lieutenant Colonel Hugo Chavez be seen as comparable to Jose Felix Ribas , Francisco Salias , the philosopher Juan German Roscio , or Canon Jose Cortes de Madariaga ?
No .
This is a simple lack of respect , an abuse of history , an unacceptable degradation .
Chavez did not try to overthrow Fernando VII , and if it had been up to him we would still be under the domination of the Bourbon dynasty .
4 February is one of the most terrible days in Venezuelan history .
If he wants to look for a comparison , maybe he would find one in the likewise thwarted coup by Colonel Pedro Carujo against Jose Maria Vargas .
Comparing it with 19 April 1810 is another armed coup and must be rejected with all determination by the academies and by those who in one way or another must preserve our historical legacy from adulteration or deceitful use .
4 February upset the lives of Venezuelans with the ghost of a military insurgency that we had all thought had been overcome , because it belonged to past eras and because the armed forces were fully within the legitimate order , complying with institutional precepts , far from the meddling forbidden by the constitution .
In fact , the armed forces made great contributions to the country 's stability , because when each sector of Venezuelan society complies with what is set out for it in the legal order , countries are preserved from the vicissitudes of coup plotters .
President Chavez himself now boasts of having spent 20 years conspiring -- that is , eroding the armed forces ' loyalty -- to achieve his goal of conquering power .
This is a great demonstration of political cynicism .
4 February was not only a military failure for Chavez ; it was also an episode that caused enormous losses , human and economic , for all Venezuelans .
There were numerous deaths , and no one can feel proud of the consequences .
4 February was such a failure that Chavez , even though it pained him , had to accept democratic methods to reach power .
That was what happened in 1998 , and still today , Chavez gives constant demonstrations of discontent and irritation at having been democratically elected .
The reason for this is simple : He has to respect the democratic rules of the game , the freedom of expression that causes him so many nightmares , the presence of the fundamental institutions of the nation whose right to exist he denies .
He wants to disguise the failed date of 4 February to create the collective illusion of a military victory , which would permit him to govern us from Miraflores as if he really had reached power that day .
Imagine what would have happened to us Venezuelans if in fact on that terrible day the lieutenant colonel , instead of staying in the museum , had advanced on the government building with the vast forces backing him .
Once he was taken prisoner , democracy exhausted all its generosity , just as Vargas did with Carujo .
Venezuelan democracy has not given anyone as much as it gave Chavez .
He should acknowledge these debts and make the effort to learn to live in a democracy , respecting others ' rights .
This system of freedoms made him president of the Republic .
Trying to destroy it now is inconsistent .
We must prevent his attempt to exercise power as if he had won on 4 February .
This was not the case , and the Venezuelan people rejected him as a coup participant .
Today , with this official " celebration , " Venezuela is in mourning .
KINSHASA , July 14 ( AFP ) - Some 60 representatives of civil society , parties , rebel groups and government in the Democratic Republic of Congo ( DRC ) are to take part in preparatory talks on reviving political dialogue in the vast country next month , an official said Saturday .
A representative of the facilitator of the talks , Hacen Ould Lebatt , told a media conference here that 38 civil society delegates , representing seven of the DRC 's 11 provinces , had already been designated .
The round of consultations ahead of the start of formal negotiations between the various parties -- dubbed the " inter-Congolese dialogue " -- will begin August 20 in the Botswana capital Gaborone , the facilitator of the talks , former Botswana president Ketumile Masire , announced this week .
Masire 's team , which has criss-crossed the former Zaire to prepare for the talks , is currently pursuing its mission in the provinces of Bandundu , Bas-Congo , Equateur , and in the capital Kinshasa , Lebatt said .
Masire said this week he was determined to " ensure that people from all corners of the country are allowed to express their views " , adding that he wanted to avoid a " superficial " exercise .
The national dialogue is a feature of peace accords signed in 1999 by all warring parties in the former Zaire -- two rebel groups , their backers Rwanda and Uganda , and the Kinshasa government and its allies , Angola , Zimbabwe and Namibia .
Masire was brought back into the DRC peace process in February this year as facilitator for the inter-Congolese dialogue by President Joseph Kabila .
The young president 's father Laurent , assassinated in January , had sidelined Masire after accusing him of being biased in favour of the rebels .
Lebatt told the media conference that deep divergences remained concerning the designation of delegates to represent DRC political parties , and those to represent the parties who signed the Lusaka agreement .
" The political players must overcome their divisions by finding a formula for consensus , " said Lebatt , who is former foreign and cooperation minister of Mauritania .
The Lusaka accord merely speaks about " political opposition " , he said .
" One must ask 'opposition to whom and what ? ' . "
Lebatt said the facilitation team expected to draw up a final list of participants by August 6 .
The conflict in the former Zaire broke out when rebels backed by Laurent Kabila 's erstwhile allies Rwanda and Uganda launched an insurgency in August 1998 .
Oil prices took a sharp downward trend after the quiet semi-coup d'etat by the American affiliated Venezuelan army generals who deposed the popularly elected president of Venezuela Hugo Chavez on Friday .
The price of crude had taken a dramatic upsurge in the aftermath of the ever-deteriorating Middle East crisis , the unilateral cut off of Iraqi oil by Saddam Hussein and similar threats by several other oil producing countries .
The dethroning of Chavez by the Americans is a message that disobeying Uncle Sam would have cataclysmic consequences .
The US had repeatedly asked Chavez and the Venezuelan government to increase the level of their oil output as well as exports .
However , Chavez who is known for his ala Fidel Castro left-leaning anti-American philosophy had on a number of occasions rebuffed US requests for more oil exports .
In direct response , the Americans , who preach democracy to the entire planet , recognizing that they could no longer tolerate someone like Chavez reverted to their old bullying and dictatorial tactics and arranged for an army coup by several avowed pro-American generals , who managed to remove Chavez from power in a few short hours .
Venezuela is the third largest exporter of oil within OPEC and the fourth as far as worldwide production is concerned .
Venezuela is an important oil producing nation since its oil directly impacts crude prices in international markets .
There is very little doubt that Chavez did not voluntarily resign his office and was in fact removed from power by the army .
Evidently , during a phone conversation on Friday Chavez told his daughter that he was forced to resign and accept the army 's non-negotiable conditions .
In any event , it is more than apparent that the United States intends to play a conspicuous role and exert increasing pressure as far as the oil issue is concerned .
It seems that by wielding its authority and exercising dictatorial powers as the world 's only superpower , the United States is determined to play a front and centre role in the intricate international game of oil prices and the free flow of this all-important strategic product otherwise known as the " Black Gold " .
The fall of Hugo Chavez in Caracas is a crystal-clear message and warning by the US to anyone in the world who is contemplating to use oil as a political tool in the future .
Stephanopoulos Analyzes His Own Crime
There was former Clinton aide George Stephanopoulos on ABC 's This Week this morning , furrow-browed and " heartbroken with all the evidence coming out " against the president .
Last week , when the Lewinsky story was only a few hours old , Stephanopoulos popped up on Good Morning America to demonstrate his concern .
These are probably the most serious allegations yet leveled against the president .
There 's no question that , if they 're true , they ...
could lead to impeachment proceedings .
Is Chatterbox alone in thinking there is something strange and even disgusting about Stephanopoulos ' eager show of independence from the president ?
The problem is n't so much his disloyalty .
Political figures turn on each other from time to time , for good and bad reasons ; we 're used to it .
Stephanopoulos
Stephanopoulos wants to run for the Senate and does n't want to seem a Clinton stooge .
By lending credence to the Lewinsky charges , and treating Clinton 's familiar defenses as the lies and half-lies they seem to be , Stephanopoulos shows he's not a fool .
The trouble is that Stephanopoulos himself helped propagate those lies in the first place .
During the 1992 campaign , when Gennifer Flowers first brought Clinton 's philandering to public attention , Stephanopoulos -- as Clinton 's chief spinner , distracter , and all-around bullshit artist -- played a crucial role in discrediting Flowers and anyone else who tried to point out the truth , namely that Clinton had a disturbing zipper problem .
Do n't say Stephanopoulos didn't know .
Again , he 's not a fool .
Simply put , Stephanopoulos did as much as any man to get the country into the mess he now so telegenically laments .
The 1993 documentary The War Room captures some of his efforts on tape .
Early in the film , with the Flowers crisis in full bloom , Sam Donaldson interviews Stephanopoulos , who blames it all on the " Republican attack machine .
Gov .
Clinton has no character problem , " Stephanopoulos declares .
Donaldson suggests that on 60 Minutes Clinton had admitted to infidelity .
He said he had problems in his marriage , " says Stephanopoulos , correcting Donaldson 's deviation from the pre-scripted fudge-phrase of the day .
Today , of course , the president 's defenders claim that Clinton admitted infidelity on 60 Minutes and that the fully informed voters simply did n't care .
Near the end of The War Room , Stephanopoulos gets a call from someone who apparently claims to have a list of Clinton paramours , which he is about to publicize .
Stephanopoulos skillfully bullies and cajoles him into keeping quiet .
You would be laughed at ...
he tells the caller .
I guarantee you that if you do this you 'll never work in Democratic politics again .
Nobody will believe you and people will think you 're scum .
You might say that Stephanopoulos helped invent the philander-protection techniques that seem to have made Clinton so overconfident of his ability to not get caught .
He was one of Clinton 's principal enablers , to use a word employed by Maureen Dowd in today 's New York Times .
When Democrats wonder why there is so much resentment of Clinton , they do n't need to look much further than the Big Lie about philandering that Stephanopoulos , Carville ( and a cooperative campaign press corps ) helped to put over in 1992 .
Now the dissembler and enabler has become the scholar and ABC News analyst .
It 's as if Roy Cohn went on television in the mid-'50s to soberly rue the damage wreaked by Sen. Joe McCarthy , without any apology for his own role .
Much has been made of the way famous wrongdoers ( e.g .
Dick Morris , Marv Albert ) rebound too quickly in our celebrity culture .
But usually at least a nanosecond of contrition is required .
Stephanopoulos is cashing in without even going through the minimal motions of holding himself accountable for misleading the country .
If Clinton , as is now increasingly clear , was a time bomb waiting to explode , then Stephanopoulos helped smuggle him into the White House and muffled the ticking .
23 ( CNA ) -- Republic of China President Chen Shui-bian expressed the hope Wednesday that the United States will help Taiwan 's bid for observer status in the World Health Organization ( WHO ) , following its assistance to Taiwan 's World Trade Organization ( WTO ) membership bid .
Chen made the remarks while meeting visiting U.S. Assistant Secretary of Commerce for Market Access and Compliance William H. Lash , III at the Presidential Office Wednesday .
Lash arrived in Taipei Tuesday for a four-day visit .
Chen also expressed hope that the United States will negotiate with Taiwan to sign a free trade zone agreement between the two countries so as to help Taiwan 's internalization and to give it more international responsibility .
He also expressed gratitude and admiration to the United States for its firm support for Taiwan , especially in maintaining the security of the Taiwan Strait and peace in the Asia-Pacific region .
He pointed out that U.S. President George Bush 's decision to sell arms to Taiwan last April was made to avoid an imbalance of cross-strait military force by 2005 on the one hand and to further safeguard Taiwan 's democratic achievements on the other .
Touching on Taiwan 's WTO entry , Chen said Taiwan could not have smoothly entered the WTO if the United States government and Congress did not render their firm support to Taiwan 's bid for membership .
Taiwan 's WTO access has given Taiwan a window to the world , a window to the century and a window of opportunity , he went on , adding that it will allow Taiwan to upgrade its competitiveness and help U.S.-Taiwan trade relations .
Lash in return congratulated Chen on Taiwan 's WTO entry and said that his visit shows that the United States attaches great importance to U.S.-Taiwan trade relations .
Taiwan 's WTO entry is not a conclusion of its goal but the beginning of its chance to play an important role in the world , Lash said , adding that the United States will continue to help Taiwan realize all its WTO expectations .
He congratulated Chen on the ruling Democratic Progressive Party becoming the biggest political party in the Legislative Yuan with last December 's legislative election .
Lash also expressed gratitude to Chen for the assistance rendered by Taiwan to the United States in the wake of the Sept .
11 terrorist attacks on the United States and for its participation in the post-war reconstruction of Afghanistan .
Mugabe Wins Despite Biased Propaganda
TEHRAN -- President Robert Mugabe easily won Zimbabwe 's election on Wednesday despite biased propaganda unleashed against him by some Western countries , accusing him of being unfair towards the opposition .
Results announced by Registrar-General Tobaiwa Mudede at 0800 GMT showed Mugabe with 1,634,382 votes , well past the 50 percent of ballots cast that he needed to extend his 22-year rule for six more year .
His challenger , former trade unionist Morgan Tsvangirai , trailed almost half a million votes behind .
Mudede said 3.1 million people voted in the three-day election .
There were fears of a violent reaction from Tsvangirai 's supporters , and security forces were put on high alert and police put up road blocks on approach roads to the capital Harare .
Australia said it feared violence if voters thought the election had been stolen .
Canberra is a member of a Three-Nation Commonwealth task force monitoring the election .
Tsvangirai , saying Mugabe has destroyed the economy of the once prosperous nation , accused the president of systematically stealing the election to hide his deep unpopularity with voters , Reuters reported .
Mugabe 's government has dismissed criticism of the poll , which Information Minister Jonathan Moyo called " exemplary " .
Western countries queued up to condemn the election in which the 78-year-old president faced his first real challenge .
The United States , condemning the reduction of polling stations in opposition urban strongholds , said the election was " seriously flawed " and riddled with irregularities .
Australia and Britain led an unsuccessful call for commonwealth sanctions against Mugabe before the election .
New Zealand said on Wednesday it was ready to impose sanctions against Zimbabwe if the commonwealth decided not to suspend the country after the vote .
On Saturday [ 13 April ] -- two days aftr Chavez had been removed from power by a military coup -- thousands of supporters of Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez took to the streets , and after occupying the Presidential palace , they returned him to power .
We asked Ali Kianushrad , member of the Majles National Security and Foreign Policy Committee , to state his views on the recent developments in Venezuela , Chavez 's removal , and his return to power .
Question : How do you assess the sudden downfall and more sudden return of Hugo Chavez in Venezuela ?
Answer : The Venezuelan experience during the past few days showed that regimes that are based on the votes and support of the masses and adopt relatively independent policies toward the big powers and especially America are not favored by the American leadership .
The Americans ' hasty and immediate support for the coup shows that the Americans are in no way in favor of national and independent rules coming to power .
Also , the Venezuelan President 's return to power once again showed that if rulers are endorsed and supported by the people , the people 's determination can affect decisions and that the people 's presence on the scene can prevent rules and decisions with which they totally disagree .
Question : How do you assess Iran 's reaction to the overthrow of the Chavez Government and to his return -- something on which the Foreign Ministry issued a statement ?
Answer : We have good relations with Venezuela , and there was no reason for us to be satisfied in any way with the overthrow the rule there , especially when the Venezuelan regime 's policies enjoy the extensive support of the Venezuelan people and when there are points un its independent policies on oil that converge with our policies and have been positively assessed by the Islamic Republic of Iran .
Question : Did the opposition by the Rio Pact member countries and some other countries play a role in Chavez 's return to power ?
Answer : The incidents and developments in Venezuela and Chavez 's return to power were so rapid that the possibility of intervention by other powers in his return to power is very small .
But undoubtedly there are basic doubts that exist about the coup and America 's immediate support , and what springs to mind is the great possibility of some countries ' intervention in Venezuela 's domestic affairs .
LONDON , March 19 ( AFP ) - The Commonwealth suspended Zimbabwe for one year on Tuesday , taking action against the regime of President Robert Mugabe a week after controversial elections returned him to power .
The surprise decision comes after the 54-nation group failed to reach agreement on sanctions against Harare before the voting , when African leaders rallied around the anti-colonialist Mugabe , who has held power since independence from Britain in 1980 .
" The committee decided to suspend Zimbabwe from the councils of the Commonwealth for one year with immediate effect , " Australian Prime Minister John Howard told reporters here .
" This issue will be revisited in 12 months ' time , " he said .
The decision , taken by a three-way panel of Howard and presidents Thabo Mbeki of South Africa and Olusegun Obasanjo of Nigeria , follows a damning report on the March 9-11 vote by Commonwealth observers .
The report concluded the poll had been marred by violence , intimidation and suspect electoral practices designed to benefit Mugabe , a conclusion also reached by the Zimbabwean opposition and much of the West .
Zimbabwe 's Information Minister Jonathan Moyo immediately blasted the decision to lump his nation in with Pakistan , which is also currently suspended from the Commonwealth .
" It is a bad report that can only lead to bad decisions , " Moyo said , denouncing the report as " opinionated " and " one-sided " and saying it " lacks credibility and can not withstand any objective scrutiny . "
A spokesman for British Prime Minister Tony Blair said : " He clearly welcomes the decision by the Commonwealth troika and believes that it is absolutely the right thing to do . "
Foreign Secretary Jack Straw also praised the decision , saying that " the message could not be clearer . "
New Zealand Foreign Affairs Minister Phil Goff welcomed the Commonwealth 's suspension of Zimbabwe but said New Zealand was likely to impose sanctions anyway .
Goff said that while he welcomed the suspension , it appeared it had been done reluctantly .
" To some extent we have the sense that this is a halfway house , " he said .
The panel had been expected to defer or reject calls for Zimbabwe 's suspension after Mbeki and Obasanjo held talks Monday with Mugabe and defeated opposition leader Morgan Tsvangirai , and apparently proposed to mediate in talks between the two sides .
The suspension validates " our own refusal to accept the result as legitimate , " said Welshman Ncube , secretary general for Tsvangirai 's opposition Movement for Democratic Change .
The suspension came just after Switzerland said it was slapping sanctions on the southern African country , including a freeze on financial assets which might be held by government officials in Swiss banks .
Tsvangirai had earlier suggested that " Mbeki and Obasanjo are not going to allow that ( suspension ) , they are going to present a position that the Zimbabweans are talking , so there may be a deferment of any action . "
Although Mbeki has not specifically given his own views , an official South African observer team said the election result should be respected .
Tsvangirai , who had been tipped to win a free and fair election , has said he would negotiate with a view to running a fresh election and " restoring legitimacy " but on Tuesday he ruled out any " meaningful discussions " unless Mugabe 's government cracked down on violence .
" The presidential elections are over , " the information minister said .
" They were held in terms of our laws and our constitution , and the next election is not for six years . "
Mugabe was declared the winner of the presidential vote with 56 percent of votes to Tsvangirai 's 42 percent .
Most international observer groups have condemned the conduct of the poll , as have many Western governments , notably Britain and the United States .
But at a summit in Australia earlier this month ahead of the election , Commonwealth leaders postponed action against Harare over its defiant stance on the presence of certain international observers to monitor the voting .
In his inauguration speech on Sunday , Mugabe promised to accelerate his controversial land reforms begun in July 2000 , which aim to resettle blacks on white-owned farms in a bid to reverse colonial-era injustices .
The land reforms have been marred by political violence led by liberation war veterans who support Mugabe .
The latest killing of a white farmer , Terry Ford , came just a day after Mugabe 's inauguration .
Critics of the land reforms say the measures have also aggravated a food shortage in Zimbabwe that threatens to worsen because of drought .
Washington is still mulling a response to the election and " continuing its conversations with allied nations about what the proper response should be to the fraudulent election in Zimbabwe , " said Ari Fleischer , spokesman for US President George W. Bush .
US President Bush has ordered the US Central Intelligence Agency ( CIA ) to assassinate America 's opponents wherever in the world they may be !
This directive is issued at a time when the American government is claiming to lead the fight against terrorism throughout the world .
When the Imam ( may God be satisfied with him ) issued the fatwa against Salman Rushdie for insulting the Prophet ( peace be upon him ) and the holy Koran , the countries that are so-called supporters of human rights protested against the fatwa .
They said it was an act of terrorism that was against international law and said it crushed human rights principles !
In a coordinated move the European countries all recalled their ambassadors from Tehran in order to put the Islamic Republic of Iran under pressure .
By clarifying the Imam 's edict the Islamic Republic of Iran made the people of the world understand that insulting the Prophet was in fact violating the rights of millions of people throughout the world .
This was not simply a directive from God that was confirmed by all the clerics throughout the Islamic world .
Now the United States has issued an assassination order against millions of human beings without having any proof , reason or documentation .
The only reason for this would be opposition to the United States .
It would therefore be appropriate for all Islamic countries to withdraw their ambassadors from the United States .
If the European countries were honest in the withdrawal of their ambassadors from Iran , blaming Iran for violating human rights , then they should recall their ambassadors from the United States .
After all the United States is not violating the rights of one human being , but many many human beings .
It seems that following the blow that the Americans received on September 11 in New York and Washington , the United States is determined to take justice to pre-historic times .
It is obvious no country will put up with this cruelty .
No one will allow this human achievement , which is the discovery of God-given human rights , which is achieved after thousands of years of research , to be wasted away .
The United States thinks that it can silence the justice-seeking cries of the peoples of the world with the sound of explosions from 7-ton bombs and it thinks that it can justify its own inhuman behavior in the shadow of this noise .
Africa Endorses Mugabe Victory , the West Condemns It
International reaction to the controversial re-election of Zimbabwean president Robert Mugabe to another six year term varied widely .
African observers generally approved of his victory , while Western governments denounced it .
Observer missions from South Africa , Nigeria , Namibia and the Organisation of African Unity ( OAU ) respectively , described the poll as " legitimate " - largely satisfactory and transparent , credible , free and fair .
All three observer teams noted long queues and delays in chaotic voting .
The Namibians went as far as to say Zimbabwe 's election system was " water tight , without room for rigging " .
The South African observer team blamed the long lines of voters unable to vote despite waiting many hours on " administrative oversights " , a description that drew audible laughter from journalists and diplomats attending their press conference in the capital , Harare on Wednesday .
President Daniel arap Moi of Kenya congratulated Mugabe , calling his victory " testimony of the confidence and high esteem the people of Zimbabwe hold in you . "
The observations of the 14-member Southern African Development Community ( SADC ) Parliamentary Forum team differed considerably from the other African missions .
In sharp contrast to other African observer teams , the forum said the conduct of the elections fell short of regional expectations .
" The climate of insecurity obtaining in Zimbabwe since the 2000 parliamentary elections was such that the electoral process could not be said to adequately comply with the norms and standards for elections in the SADC region , " the forum said in a statement .
That position chimed closely with views expressed by the main Zimbabwean monitoring group , the Zimbabwe Election Support Network which had 400 observers monitoring the poll and have been heavily critical .
The SADC parliamentarians ' view was also echoed by the Norwegian observer delegation which said , on Tuesday , that the election failed to meet international standards .
Norway Prime Minister Jan Petersen said in a statement that " The presidential election in Zimbabwe has not satisfied the fundamental requirements for a democratic election . "
Mugabe 's main challenger , Morgan Tsvangirai of the Movement for Democratic Change , has rejected the outcome of the presidential poll .
He said the result was " illegitimate " and a clear case of " highway robbery " by Mugabe , his government and his party , Zanu-PF .
Tsvangirai warned that his disenfranchised supporters were " seething " but implored them to stay calm .
The MDC leader said systematic cheating , spoiling tactics , rigid new laws and sheer obstruction - as well as political violence and intimidation - were just some of the irregularities practised by the authorities in the run-up to , and during the poll .
Mugabe was announced the winner with 56.1 percent of the vote , leaving Tsvangirai trailing behind with 42 percent .
The government has rejected all criticism , describing the election as " exemplary , free , fair and peaceful . "
Western governments disagree .
Western governments are lining up to condemn the Mugabe government , while the African bloc appears to have opted for solidarity in support of Mugabe .
Jack Straw , the foreign secretary of the former colonial power , Britain , which is locked in a verbal war with Mugabe , said the Zimbabwean head of state was bent on achieving " one goal , power at all costs .
It is no surprise that this outcome has now been achieved . "
U.S. President George Bush added his voice on Wednesday night , categorically rejecting Zimbabwe 's presidential poll .
" We do not recognize the outcome of the election because we think it 's flawed .
We are dealing with our friends to figure out how to deal with this flawed election . "
Bush 's secretary of state , Colin Powell , earlier concluded : " Mr Mugabe may claim victory , but not democratic legitimacy . "
France and Germany also indicated that the election had failed the 'free and fair ' test .
The Canadian prime minister , Jean Chretien , said the election " does not look very good " .
Australia , which with South Africa and Nigeria has been mandated to report on the Zimbabwe presidential poll to the Commonwealth , was equally critical .
" If the people of Zimbabwe have a sense that they have been cheated through the election process , it is possible that some could resort to violence , " said the foreign minister , Alexander Downer .
The United Nations ' secretary-general , Kofi Annan , appealed for calm after the poll and urged Zimbabweans to refrain from violence .
Annan acknowledged that he was receiving conflicting reports about the conduct of the poll .
Facing perhaps a legal challenge from the opposition to his contested electoral victory , Mugabe is becoming increasingly isolated on the international stage .
The European Union and the United States have already imposed 'smart ' , selected sanctions on Mugabe and 19 people in his inner circle .
But the Zimbabwean leader has been silent since his final campaign rally last Friday , though people are eagerly awaiting his victory speech .
The president was nowhere to be seen in Harare as his supporters took over the downtown streets of the capital , loudly celebrating his victory .
Mugabe 's allies and detractors may all hope that he is spending the time reviewing the tense situation in the country and working out how best to calm fears and concern and rally Zimbabweans together .
As prisoners from Al-Qa'ida and Taliban are being transported to the cells of the US Guantanamo base in Cuba , the United States ' war on terrorism enters a new stage that is completely different from that of armed confrontation in Afghanistan .
Amidst the heat of military battles in Afghanistan , and on the background of the double crime that hit the United States , international opinion is now willing to overlook some inhumane practices that were made on this or that front .
However , the situation has changed fundamentally since the batches of Al-Qa'ida and Taliban prisoners started arriving one after the other to Guatanamo base shackled and caged in cages that are no longer than eight feet and wider than six .
The attention of the world moved from Afghanistan to Cuba to follow what Amnesty International considers an " uncomfortable situation " for the detainees .
This has prompted two of Washington 's closest allies , Britain and Australia , to express their " concern " over the way the prisoners were transported from Afghanistan and the way they are being treated in captivity .
It is obvious that statements by US Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld that the detainees are " illegitimate fighters " upon home the Geneva convention on POW 's does not apply have not helped alleviate world concern over the US abandoning its ( until now ) well-known commitment to the principles of justice in treating the Al-Qa'ida and Taliban prisoners .
The continued US ambiguity in using the title of prisoners , and specifically prisoners of war or " illegitimate " combatants , and the possibility of trying them in private and closed martial court , do not help the United States maintain international sympathy with its war .
As the campaign of Western criticism of the United States heightens , it has become urgent for Washington to clarify its stand on treating the prisoners and their destiny so that it would not be recorded in history that the number one democracy in the war won the war on terrorism in weeks and lost the reputation of commitment to principles of human justice that it took centuries to gain .
Tehran , Oct 21 , IRNA -- Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez , heading a high-ranking delegation , arrived here on Sunday on a one-day official visit to the country .
The Venezuelan president was officially welcomed at Mehrabad International Airport by Minister of Mines and Metals , Eshaq Jahangiri .
According to informed sources , Chavez is due to meet his Iranian counterpart President Mohammad Khatami to discuss avenues to help increase oil price .
Venezuelan Minister of Foreign Affairs Luis Alfonso Davila and some other senior officials of the country are accompanying President Chavez in his visit to Tehran .
President Khatami , in a telephone conversation with President Chavez last week , called on member states of the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries ( OPEC ) to join hands to prevent a steep fall in oil prices .
BEIJING , April 16 ( AFP ) -- China Tuesday welcomed Venezuela 's return to political stability and expressed support for President Hugo Chavez 's promise for a dialogue on national reconciliation following his return to power after a coup .
" We appreciate the return to stability of Venezuela 's domestic situation , " foreign ministry spokeswoman Zhang Qiyue said .
" We believe that under the leadership of President Chavez , the people of Venezuela will devote themselves to political stability and economic development and make more progress in social advancement . "
Chavez , who returned to power Sunday , promised Monday to invite a broad spectrum of Venezuelan society to participate in a dialogue on the country 's problems .
As a friend of Venezuela , China hoped to further strengthen friendship and cooperation with the country , Zhang said .
November 15 , 1996 Dear Personal Donor : In the short while since Goodwill helped him find his job , Robert has learned to thoroughly clean a motel room in about 40 minutes .
His job objectives call for him to do it in 30 .
He has no time to waste .
Neither do we .
With the help of friends like you , Goodwill has continued to adapt our services to meet the human needs of our changing society .
We do n't waste time as we are helping the community .
And we don't waste money .
The gift that I am asking you to make will be used to continue our mission of helping people prepare for , find and keep jobs .
In their December , 1995 review of the nation 's best charities , U.S. News & World Report called Goodwill one of the five " Standout Good Guys .
The magazine stated that Goodwill ( as well as the other standouts ) is " uniquely effective , innovative or valuable .
While I appreciate U.S. News & World Report 's endorsement , the true value of your support is measured by the way Goodwill takes on problems that affect all of us .
Every time we help someone find a solution to their employment barrier , the positive effects radiate throughout our community : The business community welcomes not only another worker , but a consumer with increased purchasing power .
Parents act as role models of self-sufficiency instead of dependency .
Tax dollars that would have been spent on public assistance are saved .
You and I know that solutions to difficult problems do n't just happen .
At Goodwill , it is the hard work of staff and those who benefit from our services that produces the kind of inspiring results I see every day : A Goodwill staff member addresses a group of welfare recipients : " You can earn the money to support yourself and your family , " she says .
You can get off welfare .
I know you can ...
I did .
A participant in a Goodwill program rushes back from a job interview to share the results with his classmates in our desktop publishing training program .
once his tears have subsided , he confirms what his classmates have already figured out : he just received a job offer -- his first in five years .
Addressing a meeting at a neighborhood center , a Goodwill staff member tells the audience how Goodwill can help them find and keep jobs .
On his way home , he shares the story with four people at a street corner .
At the next corner he tells five more .
In order to develop job skills , a man with some serious disabilities begins working in Goodwill 's industrial division .
It takes a long time for him to gain the self-confidence to work elsewhere in the community .
Eventually , he turns your support into a payoff for all of us .
He proudly leaves Goodwill to support himself .
These people and their successes are real .
Just like the respect we've earned from U.S. News & World Report .
Just like the impact Goodwill's work has on our community .
Real work .
Real results .
A real difference in people 's lives -- in all of our lives .
The people who can benefit most directly from your generosity have no time to waste .
Neither do the rest of us who feel the positive results of their success .
Your support helps provide real solutions .
Please use the enclosed response card and envelope to give generously to Goodwill today .
Sincerely ,
Jack Dustman Board Member and Former Chairman
Beijing , July 17 ( XINHUA ) -- DaimlerChrysler AG said Monday that the international recall of Mercedes-Benz luxury cars did not affect vehicle owners in China .
A written statement made by the company 's China branch revealed that no glitches had been found in China since its last recall in 1999 , Tuesday 's China Daily reported .
The Germany-based auto giant recalled 150,000 Mercedes-Benz luxury cars throughout Europe and the Middle East on Friday to fix a defect that could cause the driver 's side air bag to deploy prematurely , the newspaper said .
The recall conducted in China in 1999 was purely a precautionary measure and no reports of any incidents in China had been received at that time , China Daily quoted the statement as saying .
The exclusion of China from the recall has led to claims that the firm was biased against Chinese customers .
The China Consumers Association said Monday that it had received five complaints of problems related with Benz cars in China , according to China Daily .
The problem was first discovered in March 1996 in Indonesia and led to a November 1999 recall of cars in the United States and Asia , where hot , humid conditions were thought to trigger the air bags .
Srinagar , May 7 : Thirteen militants , including five top Lashker-e-Toiba men , two Special Police Officers and a girl were killed in militancy related incidents in the state since last evening as security forces arrested a suspected militant and recovered some explosive material from his possession .
Three militants were killed in an encounter with the troops at Nambal , Jumasthal Behak ( Kulgam ) in Islamabad district yesterday .
The slain militants owing allegiance to Lashker-e-Toiba have been identified as Abu Saifullah , Abu Talha and Abu Huraira .
Three Ak rifles , 9 magazines , a wireless set , 5 hand grenades and some ammunition were claimed recovered from the site of the encounter .
Police said two militants were killed in an encounter with the troops at Saile ( Budgam ) today .
The slain militants have been identified as Muhammad Ashraf Bhat alias Sikander and Bashir Ahmad War .
The police claimed recovery of 2 Ak rifles , 8 magazines , 2 wireless sets , a UBGL [ Under Barrel Grenade Launcher ] , 2 hand grenades , 7 rifle grenades and 205 Ak rounds from the site of the encounter .
Reports from Jammu said the security forces killed three militants in an encounter in Khanetar area of Poonch .
The troops on specific information about the presence of militants in the area , launched an operation this evening .
As they were surrounding the area , the militants opened fire and in the retaliatory action three of them were killed , official sources said .
The encounter was still continuing .
Two Lashker militants Abdul Qazi alias Chotu and deputy district commander Bau Dujan alias Dujana were killed in an encounter by the members of Village Defence Committee ( VDC ) at Lopara village of Dachan area of Doda early today , IGP [ Inspector General of Police ] ( Jammu ) P L Gupta said .
He said the two slain militants , both hailing from Pakistan , were in the 'the most wanted ' category of militants and were carrying a reward of Rs 1.5 lakh each on their heads , which would be distributed among the VDC members .
BSF [ Border Security Force ] killed a militant in Kot Kuba area of Jammu after he sneaked into the Indian side early this morning .
Security forces shot dead two militants during an encounter at Parnali in Mahore tehsil of Udhampur district last night .
Their identity was not available .
A girl , abducted by unidentified gunmen from Mahore tehsil of Udhampur district on May 3 , was found dead on the banks of Ans river in the area yesterday .
Militants killed two brothers , Mohammad Abbas and Abdul Jabar , at Sadwan village in Doda district yesterday .
The deceased , both former Special Police Officers ( SPOs ) , were shot dead by militants when they were attending a panchayat to settle a marriage dispute .
Militants exchanged fire with security forces during area domination patrol at Gunpora in Shopian area of Pulwama district today .
However , there was no report of any casualty .
Security forces apprehended a suspected militant , Ghulam Hassan , from Nagbal Ganderbal on the outskirts of Srinagar last night .
He led to the recovery of an IED [ improvised explosive device ] weighing five kg and fitted in a wooden box and two detonators from the area , said a police spokesman .
Africa , West split over Mugabe 's win
HARARE , Zimbabwe - As Robert Mugabe moved to consolidate his victory in elections most observers denounced as rigged , an ugly split was opening up in the response from black African nations and the West .
Mr. Mugabe , Zimbabwe 's leader for all its 22 years of independence , won a fifth term in office yesterday , defeating his opponent Morgan Tsvangirai in an election marred by violence , intimidation and the manipulation of electoral laws .
According the Registrar-General 's office , Mr. Mugabe received 56 % of the 3.1 million votes cast to Mr. Tsvangirai 's 41 % .
The win gives the 78-year-old Mr. Mugabe a six-year term in office and was hailed by Patrick Chinamasa , Zimbabwe 's Justice Minister , as a " runaway victory . "
Mr. Tsvangirai was less complimentary , calling the election " the biggest electoral fraud I have ever witnessed in my life . "
He said the result " does not reflect the true will of the people of Zimbabwe . "
The despondent former union boss appeared befuddled by the result , as if he had never expected Mr. Mugabe to pull out a victory using just about every shady tactic in the book .
" We foresaw electoral fraud but not daylight robbery , " he said during a brief news conference yesterday .
George Bush , the U.S. President , led the criticism from the West , saying Washington would not recognize Mr. Mugabe 's government .
" We do not recognize the outcome of the election because we think it 's flawed , " Mr. Bush said .
" And we are dealing with our friends to figure out how to deal with this flawed election . "
Colin Powell , his Secretary of State , implied the United States may impose new sanctions in addition to an existing travel ban affecting Mr. Mugabe 's inner circle .
Jack Straw , Britain 's Foreign Secretary , condemned Mr. Mugabe for waging a " systematic campaign of violence . "
Jean Chretien , the Prime Minister , was more muted in his criticism .
Mr. Chretien , who this month headed off a move to suspend Zimbabwe from the Commonwealth in advance of the vote , said the election of Mr. Mugabe " does not look very good " but insisted Canada must wait for the results of a Commonwealth report before acting .
" There is a committee made up of three heads of governments and states who will be meeting within two weeks to analyze the report of the observers and render a decision , " he told the Commons yesterday .
" We have to follow the process of receiving the report from the observers before coming to a definite conclusion . "
Opposition critics attacked the Prime Minister for not immediately denouncing the election .
John Reynolds , the Canadian Alliance leader , said Zimbabwe should be suspended from the Commonwealth and its High Commissioner to Canada " sent packing " until " we straighten this mess out . "
In contrast with the West , Zimbabwe 's neighbours , including regional superpower South Africa , found little to object to in the election .
Sam Motsuenyane , head of a 50-member observer mission from South Africa , said the result " should be considered legitimate " and blamed the difficulties faced by some voters on " administrative oversight . "
The observer team from the Organization of African Unity announced that , " in general , the elections were transparent , credible , free and fair . "
" The ... team wishes to commend the electoral and polling officers for the able manner in which they conducted the elections , " said Gertrude Mongella , leader of the OAU observers .
Mr. Mugabe has not been seen since Friday 's pre-election rallies and made no appearance or comment yesterday .
Mr. Tsvangirai seemed at a loss over what to do next , saying that the leadership of his Movement for Democratic Change ( MDC ) would have to meet to come up with a strategy to counter Mr. Mugabe 's victory .
The confusion was widespread throughout his party .
" We expected we were going to win this election , " admitted Hilda Mafudze , an MDC member of Parliament who had been threatened by Mr. Mugabe 's toughs and prevented from campaigning in her home riding south of Harare .
Mr. Mugabe ended up winning there by more than 6,000 votes .
" It 's something we were not prepared for , " she said .
" We have just got to sit down and brainstorm and come with something concrete to do . "
Although Mr. Tsvangirai said the people were " seething with anger , " Mr. Tsvangirai ruled out open rebellion .
" We seek no confrontation with the state , " said the MDC leader , who is already facing treason charges for allegedly plotting to assassinate Mr. Mugabe , a charge he says was trumped up .
Domestic observers tended to side with the MDC , denouncing the election as fraud-tainted and unfair .
The Crisis in Zimbabwe Committee , a coalition of church and civic groups , called for Zimbabweans to protest the elections tomorrow in a " constitutionally acceptable " manner .
Zimbabwe 's security laws make it illegal to call for a general strike .
The government was taking no chances of a popular uprising , putting the military on alert and setting up police roadblocks around Harare and other large cities .
In the working class suburb of Highfield , a strong MDC zone , a middle-aged street vendor just clucked and shook his head when asked whether people would protest Mr. Mugabe 's re-election .
" Ahh , this country is going to the dogs .
But we are scared .
We are not going to go out on to the streets , " he said , looking nervously over to where triumphant activists from Mr. Mugabe 's Zimbabwe African People 's Union - Patriotic Front had ripped up stacks of a pro-opposition newspaper .
On the streets of the capital , where Mr. Tsvangirai found his greatest support , there was no sign of revolution brewing .
Thousands of voters in Harare were chased away from polling stations on Monday night by police , despite waiting for three chaotic days to cast their ballots .
The MDC says the disorganization in Harare was planned by Mr. Mugabe in order to disenfranchise Mr. Tsvangirai 's supporters .
According to the government , as few as 42 % of Harare 's 800,000 voters cast their ballots while the rate of participation in Mr. Mugabe 's rural strongholds approached 69 % , a figure disputed by the MDC .
In many cases neither the MDC nor neutral observers were able to monitor voting in more remote polling stations .
For South Africa , the main concern is regional stability , not the niceties of participatory democracy .
Zimbabwe 's economy has imploded , unemployment is near 60 % , inflation is running at 112 % a year and many people in this former breadbasket are going hungry .
South Africa is already trying to stem the flow of economic migrants fording the Limpopo River for a better life south of the border .
The last thing South Africa wants is to add thousands of refugees fleeing war and political turmoil .
JERUSALEM. April 4 ( Interfax ) - Israeli soldiers will leave the Pilgrim 's House in Bethlehem , which is owned by the Moscow Patriarchy , after they fulfil their military tasks .
This was the response by the Israeli army to the demand made by the Russian Orthodox Church to leave the Pilgrim 's House so as not to undermine the peacekeeping mission of the Moscow Patriarchy in the Holy Land .
The press service for the Israeli army told Interfax on Thursday that " now , it is in a state of war , and at such a time , it uses all possible points of observation . "
The army representatives said " it is necessary to reduce possible civilian casualties , including among the Palestinians . "
" During the military operation in Bethlehem , a necessity emerged to enter the Pilgrim 's House and to use it for surveillance .
But once the military tasks are fulfilled , the Israeli soldiers will leave this building , " the press service said .
The representatives told Interfax that Israeli soldiers " strictly adhere to moral norms , respecting sanctuaries of all religions , and will act the same in the next stages of the war against terrorism . "
The Israeli army has also strongly denied reports about an assault on the Cathedral of the Nativity in Bethlehem , which allegedly began recently .
" Contrary to some media reports , Israeli soldiers are not storming into the church , but they have to respond to continual fire by Palestinian snipers , who have taken positions near the church , " the press service said .
The representatives of the Israeli armed forces said that " rumors about the assault have been prompted by false information , which is being circulated among foreign journalists by Palestinian sources . "
Dear Friends of Pleasant Run : The holiday season is the time of year when we 're all busy buying gifts , baking goodies , decorating our homes and making arrangements to be with family and friends .
This is the time of year when we give thanks for the warmth and love that surrounds us .
And this time of year is an occasion to remember those not as fortunate as we are .
Pleasant Run cares for at-risk children and families .
We do this through a wide range of programs including community- based , therapeutic foster care , group homes and our treatment center .
Many of the children are victims of abuse or live in unstable homes .
Today we are asking you to take a few minutes to consider making a contribution to Pleasant Run to help the 1,500 children families we care for .
Many of the children have no homes ; no memories of joy from past holidays .
Others are from families that are struggling to provide a healthy , happy environment but do n't have the resources to make it possible .
Your contribution will make a difference in a child 's life .
It may help a family stay together .
It can certainly make happy holiday memories .
A gift to Pleasant Run means the children in our care will have presents to open .
A gift means a family will have a holiday meal , cooking utensils to prepare the meal and dishes to serve it on .
Your gift will go beyond the holiday season .
It can help purchase clothing , school supplies , books and educational tools throughout the year .
Please take a few minutes to mail a donation to Pleasant run .
Let our families and children know that you want them to have the same kinds of memories of the holidays you will have .
We wish you and your family a new year full of joy and love .
Sincerely , Mary Roth Executive Director
The news leaked from the reoccupied Palestinian cities confirms that Israeli troops have committed dozens of premeditated massacres against the civilian Palestinian population .
This carnage is planned and implemented in compliance with decisions from Israeli field marshals .
Israel 's atrocities are masterminded by high level Israeli officials including Shimon Peres .
That 's why they declared the reoccupied Palestinian cities closed military areas into which media people are not allowed .
What happened in Bosnia Herzegovina is being repeated on a larger scale in various parts of the occupied Palestinian territories .
People are being killed in masses and buried in collective graves .
It is a crime against humanity .
The Israeli government is committing crimes of war against the Palestinians and should be tried by an international tribunal just like the governments of Rwanda and former Yugoslavia .
An international tribunal for war crimes has been established in Rome and started its works officially last Thursday with the approval of more than 60 countries .
This tribunal will be responsible for trying war criminals .
This means we will not need a Security Council resolution to establish the tribunal .
The Palestinian people and the entire Arab World are waiting for a proof that international law protects human beings in general regardless of their color , ethnicity and religion .
The world community should not tolerate crimes of war .
We are waiting to see that international laws are not selective and that they are not applied for political , cultural and ideological considerations .
The public opinion in the Arab and Islamic world is following closely what is happening in the occupied Palestinian territories .
We expect the World Community to take a step toward referring the Israeli criminals of war to the permanent tribunal for war crimes .
Beijing , Jan. 12 ( Yonhap ) -- Criminals have been increasingly preying on Korean travellers and residents in China with the increase of exchanges between the two countries since the opening of diplomatic relations in 1992 .
Over the past three years , 15 Koreans were murdered , 177 were assaulted , 95 kidnapped or illegally confined , and 64 robbed , the Korean Embassy in Beijing said Saturday .
The figures are feared to be higher since many cases were not reported , an embassy official said .
The most frequent crimes involved the loss or theft of Korean passports , according to the official .
Last year alone , 1,800 Korean passports were reported missing in China -- 1,000 in Shenyang , Liaoning Province , 400 in Beijing and 200 in Shanghai , the official said .
Missing passports find their way to human traffickers , he said .
" About 90 percent of foreigners ' missing passports are Korean 's , and the missing passports are being used mostly for crimes like illegal entry , downgrading the nation 's credibility in the international community , " the official said .
The number of crimes committed by Koreans has also been on the increase .
Among the crimes are illegal trafficking or forgery of passports , drug production and transportation , smuggling , overstaying visas and drunk driving , the official said .
Last year , 1.6 million Koreans travelled to China , up from 1.34 million in 2000 , and the number of Korean students in China hit 16,000 , more than any other country ; Japan trailed with 15,000 students , the official said .
Chapter 5 A Physics of Semantics ?
ach of the chapters of Investigations broaches new territory .
Each is tentative and incomplete , pointing but not fully adequate .
Yet , I persistently hope , it is better to light one candle against .
what ?
the darkness ?
the veil beyond which we have had no framework of questions before ?
There are grounds , reasoned about by the best of philosophers and scientists of the past several centuries , to doubt a physics of semantics .
We are on shaky ground .
Yet when the first hard frost comes , when the birches have been swung , their crimson leaves scattered carelessly , when crystals splint shallow ponds and old egrets stand dark watch the coming dawn , long-legged , knowing how winter is thin , when the first phase transition of water to ice forms slight solidity across meadow streams , small creatures of flesh and concept tiptoe gingerly to some far side where , perhaps , something new is to be found .
We have lacked a physical definition of an autonomous agent , able to manipulate the universe on its own behalf the egret whose foreboding of winter leads to lifted wing and steady , powerful flight .
The egret is as much a part of physical reality as the atom , and perhaps more than the vaunted quark .
But autonomous agents , we who do daily manipulate the world on our own behalf , we to whom `` intentionality '' and `` purpose '' are so inevitably attributed by our common languages , we are , by my definition of autonomous agents , also nothing but physical systems with a peculiar organization of processes and properties .
If the concept of autonomous agents were something like a useful or more , a proper definition of life itself , then autonomous agents span the gap from the merely physical to that new realm of the merely physical where `` purpose '' is ascribed by all of us to one another .
Semantics enters with purpose .
For this to be true , it is not necessary that the carriers of purpose , say , the same bacterium heading upstream in the glucose gradient , be conscious .
I hope my definition of an autonomous agent is useful , an autocatalytic system carrying out a work cycle , now rather broadened by the realization that autonomous agents also do often detect and measure and record displacements of external systems from equilibrium that can be used to extract work , then do extract work , propagating work and constraint construction , from their environment .
Know-how Bring ourselves empathetically and objectively back three billion years to the mixed microbial community flourishing right about where most of us are now , plus or minus a modicum of layers of surface crustal material .
I want to say that the autonomous agents comprising that community had , individually and collectively , the embodied know-how to get on with making a living in the natural games that constituted their world .
Indeed , as I have emphasized before , a biosphere is a self-consistent coconstruction of autonomous agents , ways of making a living , and the search procedures , mutation , recombination , as well as behavioral search open to autonomous agents .
Those means of making a living that were well searched out and mastered by the agents and their search procedures became the kinds of `` jobs '' that were widely filled , the abundant niches of the bio-sphere .
There is in this whole self-constructing system a wider know-how , beyond the know-how of any single autonomous agent spinning eagerly in its microenvironment .
Yet , clearly , the know-how is distributed .
There is no autonomous agent , no one , who knows how the whole system works , any more than anyone at present knows how the global economic system works in its myriad interactions , deals , steals , hopes , and frustrations .
What in the world is `` know-how '' ?
Philosophers distinguish between `` know-how '' and `` know that .
I know how to tie my shoes and am learning how to play jazz drums .
Know that '' concerns propositions , most conveniently , human propositions .
I know that the moon is they tell me not made of green cheese .
I know that the earth circles the sun , that the earth is roughly spherical , that chairs are used to sit on .
Know that '' brings with it the standard and nonstandard issues of the truth or falseness of propositions as they report states of the world .
Perhaps higher primates who are trained to manipulate simple symbols with apparent reference to the world also can `` know that '' with respect to propositions .
Unlike `` know that , '' `` know-how '' does not involve propositions about the world .
Know-how '' involves procedural knowledge about how to get on in the world .
The cheetah streaking after the wildebeest , the athletic genius high jumping , have the know-how to do it .
Does a bacterium know how to make a living in its world ?
I certainly want to say yes , without attributing consciousness in any way .
Watch the myriad subtle turnings on and o of genes , metabolic switching , mechanical twitching , sensing of glucose gradient , swimming and tumbling upstream to higher glucose concentrations .
It knows how all right , even if it can not talk about how it gets on with its business .
But then , try to talk about tying your shoes or the skilled driving when you become aware some dozens of miles down the road that you have accomplished the tasks without paying the slightest focused attention .
Thank God for know-how .
Know that is a thin veneer on a four-billion-year-old know-how skill abundant in the biosphere .
But any autonomous agent proliferating alone or in a congery of other agents , it would seem , is also graced by the selfsame know-how .
If we synthesize autonomous agents in the next decades and they coevolve under our rapt gaze over months or years into a modestly complex ecosystem brimming with novel life forms , they too will know how to make a living in their mutually created world plus the boundary conditions we more or less intelligently impose on them .
The know-how is , in these terms , nothing but another view of the propagating closures of catalysis , work tasks , sensing , recording , and acting that we now recognize as inherent in the doings of autonomous agents .
The know-how is not outside that propagating organization .
The know-how is the propagating organization .
Semantics All of which brings us , inevitably , to the brink of semantics .
It is simple at its roots , you see .
An incoming molecular species arriving in the interior of an autonomous agent really is ( i ) food ; ( ii ) poison ; ( iii ) a signal ; ( iv ) neutral ; ( v ) something else .
Once there is an autonomous agent , there is a semantics from its privileged point of view .
The incoming molecule is `` yuck '' or `` yum .
I think the major conceptual step to yuck or yum is unavoidable once there is an autonomous agent .
And I think we have roughly the Darwinian criteria in mind .
If yum , then there will probably be more of this type of agent , osprings of the first .
If yuck , it is not so likely this lineage will prosper .
Once yuck and yum , we are not far from C. S. Pierce ' s meaning-laden semiotic triad : sign , signified , significans .
Like it or not , the glucose gradient is a sign , a predictor , of `` more glucose that way .
Granted , the glucose is not an arbitrary symbol , any more than a cloud is an arbitrary symbol of rain .
In this restricted sense , signs are causally correlated with that which is signified .
By contrast , the relation between the word `` chair '' and that which it signifies , and on which I am now sitting , is arbitrary .
But can chemical signals in bacterial and plant and human communities be arbitrary from a chemical causal point of view ?
If so , can `` mere chemicals '' be signs in the full Piercean sense ?
I believe it is clear that mere chemistry in an autonomous agent can harbor symbols and signs in the full senses of the words .
Consider first the famous genetic code .
Triplets of nucleotides in an RNA molecule stand for specific amino acids that will end up incorporated into a protein .
The detailed causal machinery involves transfer RNA molecules with their anticodon site and the distant site to which amino acids are attached , the aminoacyle transferase enzymes that charge the amino acid binding site of each transfer RNA with the proper amino acid among the twenty amino acids , the binding of the charged transfer RNA ' s anticodon site to the proper RNA code word triplet , the ribosome that glides between adjacent charged transfer RNA molecules and links the successive amino acids into the growing polypeptide chain that hangs free in the cytoplasm , tethered by the ribosome to the messenger RNA molecule as it is `` translated .
The arbitrariness of the genetic code is exemplified by the evolution of novel transfer RNA molecules , which translate a given messenger RNA code word triplet into a dierent amino acid .
As J. Monod properly emphasized three decades ago in a slightly dierent context concerning activation and inhibition of enzymes at allosteric sites on the enzyme that are distant from the catalytic site , the relation of chemical structures that achieve control of catalysis are utterly arbitrary with respect to the chemical structures that undergo the catalysis .
The same is true of the transfer RNA where the anticodon site is distant from the amino acid binding site .
Because of this , which amino acid is charged onto a particular transfer RNA is utterly arbitrary and controlled by the aminoacyle transferase enzyme that does the charging , plus the structure of the amino acid binding site on the transfer RNA .
Both of these can be altered without altering the anticodon-codon matching mechanism .
In short , chemistry allows arbitrary organizations of control relations .
It seems fully legitimate to assign the concepts of sign , signified , and significans to the genetic code .
It seems legitimate to extend that notion to much of the subtle signaling , chemical and otherwise , within and between autonomous agents , as exemplified by plants that upon infestation by a particular insect secrete a secondary metabolite chemical that `` warns '' other members of the same species that an insect infestation is happening and to turn on defensive anti-insect secondary metabolites .
The calculus that is Claude Shannon ' s elegant information theory has always been about reduction of uncertainty about the statistics of the source of a set of symbols .
Nowhere in the core of Shannon ' s work concerning the encoding and transmission of information does the meaning , or semantics , of the information enter .
This is no criticism , and is widely known and appreciated .
There is , however , just a hint of semantics in Shannon ' s view that the semantics resides in the `` decoder .
I can not buy Shannon ' s view unless the decoder is an autonomous agent .
If not , then the decoder merely transforms a bit string sent along a communication channel into some other discrete or continuous dynamics perhaps a set of water-filled bowls is drained by turning on a machine that opens valves between the bowls and to the outside world in particular ways .
The patterns of bowl drainage upon receipt of the binary string messages sent along the communication channel constitutes the decoding .
But if the recipient is an autonomous agent such as a bacterium and the incoming molecule is a symbol-sign of a paramecium or an amoeba on the roam and the bacterium swims away and avoids becoming dinner , that sequence of events seems laden with semantics .
If only the bacterium could tell us : `` Did you see that truck of a paramecium coming at me ?
I ' ve run into that one before !
I ducked under a boulder , and he never sensed me .
I made it home .
Pass me some more glucose please , Martha .
I will return in the next chapter to discuss such stories , for I will say that we can not prestate the configuration space of a biosphere and , therefore , can not deduce that which will unfold .
Thus , among other things , we must tell stories to understand the oriented actions of agents in their worlds .
Do not be overly quick to accuse me of anthropomorphizing .
I too know the risks , including the common claim that we can always in principle translate from `` intentional talk '' to the fully predictive causal account of the events in question .
But patience .
Not only are we unable to prestate the configuration space of a biosphere and predict what will unfold , but we also can not even translate in the sense of necessary and sucient conditions from legal talk to normal intentional talk , let alone from legal talk of Henderson found guilty of murder to a physical talk about sound-wave forms monitored and masses at space-time lines as a description .
Then let ' s just be naive for the moment .
The semantics of the yuck or yum coming into a simple autonomous agent say , an early bacterium is somehow linked with the embodied know-how of that agent in making a living , or failing to make a living , in its world .
The semantics of an event is some subset of the fully embroidered , context-dependent set of causal implications of the event , or signal , in question .
For want of a nail , the shoe was lost ; for want of the shoe , the horse was lost ; and for want of the horse , the rider was lost , '' more or less , said Benjamin Franklin .
The semantics of the nail is some subset of this embroidered context-dependent set of implications of the event , or signal , in question to the autonomous agents in the coevolving system .
It seems hard to ascribe purpose , in the sense of acting on its own behalf , to a stone or a chair and easy with respect to an alga .
Of course , there is a sense in which my attribution of semantics to autonomous agents is purely tautological .
After all , I began by stating that a bacterium swimming upstream in the glucose gradient was acting on its own behalf in an environment , defined an autonomous agent as a physical system able to act on its own behalf , then asked what a physical system must be such that it can act on its own behalf .
Now , five chapters later , it is hardly an independent deduction that autonomous agents are the proposed organization of matter , energy , and organization to which purposes can be ascribed in the sense of being able to act on their own behalf .
My definition is a definitional circle .
On the other hand , while the definition is circular , like F = MA and Darwin ' s `` natural selection '' and `` fitness , '' that does not mean that the set of codefined concepts surrounding my definition of an autonomous agent as a reproducing system that does a work cycle fails to touch the real world .
Stones and chairs are not , by my definition , autonomous agents .
All living cells are .
And the stunning fact directly before us , every day , is that autonomous agents do manipulate the world on their own behalf .
Watch a pair of nesting birds build their nest .
In short , once we have autonomous agents and yuck and yum , it appears that semantics enters the universe as the agents coevolve and behave on their own behalf with one another in the unfolding of a biosphere .
Knowing What about `` knowing '' ?
Daniel Dennett , in his fine book Darwin ' s Dangerous Idea , advances a hierarchy of forms of `` knowing , '' if I may use that term , that have arisen in evolution by Darwinian means .
I find his hierarchy congenial and informative .
Dennett envisions evolution as a sequence of kinds of construction cranes that bit by bit build up higher-order entities via variation and natural selection .
I do not disagree , although I have placed far greater emphasis on the roles of self-organization in evolution .
Here , in Investigations , I am trying to point at the mysterious but utterly natural hopefulness in which an increasing diversity of broken symmetries in the universe creates the diversity of structures and processes that can constitute and identify ramified and ramifying sources of energy , detect those sources of energy , create devices and processes that couple to those sources of energy , and generate yet more diversity that propagates macroscopic order even further .
I wonder , in short , at the naturalness and self-generaticity of Dennett ' s cranes building cranes building cranes in biospheres , perhaps planetary geologies , and beyond .
But back to the past .
Dennett distinguishes `` Darwinian creatures , '' `` Pavlovian creatures , '' `` Popperian creatures , '' and `` Gregorian creatures .
A simple autonomous agent , say , a bacterium , is a Darwinian creature .
In its simplest version , the creature evolves by mutation , also recombination and natural selection .
For the moment , no behavioral learning is to be considered .
So one ( or a colony or an ecosystem ) of Darwinian creatures adapts more or less as Darwin told us .
At the next level up , say , aplysia , a nervous system is present , and the creature is capable of stimulus-response learning , a la Pavlov .
Indeed , aplysia can learn very simple conditioned stimuli the later analogue is the bell causing the dog to salivate in `` expectation '' of food .
At the next level ( Dennett , perhaps properly , reserves this for us vertebrates ) is the Popperian creature .
Popperian creatures , in Dennett ' s fine phrase , have `` internal models '' of their world and can `` run the internal model '' with the clutch disengaged , rather than running the model in real time in the real world .
This allows us lucky Popperian creatures to allow our `` hypotheses to die in our stead .
I love that image .
Beyond the Popperian is the Gregorian creature namely , at least humans .
Dennett makes the wonderful argument that we utilize our tools literally stone knives , arrows , digging sticks , machine tools to enlarge our shared world of facts and processes .
This enlarged shared world gives us more know-how , and more know that .
Cultural evolution , at some point , begins to burst out-of-bounds .
Hard rock music jangles the minarets of Iran .
Who knows what new cultural forms will blossom ?
Chinese cooking lands in Cuba , and Cuban-Chinese cuisine is invented .
What ' s next under the sun ?
Who can say ?
I very much like Dennett ' s ladder of know-how , and eventual know that .
Without invoking consciousness , not because it is not worth invoking but because so little sensible has ever been said on the subject , it seems worth asking how much of this hierarchy could be realized by simple molecular systems , even without evoking nerve cells .
I would think a lot of this hierarchy could find molecular realizations .
For example , bacteria and amoebae do have a kind of Pavlovian learning already , for they have receptors that accommodate to a constant level of a given signal ligand and sense instead a change from the current level .
This is not yet the association of a more or less arbitrary conditioned stimulus with an unconditioned stimulus , but I can imagine chemistry to accomplish the latter .
As neurons are supposed to proliferate and form novel synaptic connections that survive if used and to mediate the linkage of conditioned to unconditioned stimulus , why not envision a complex chemistry , say , very complex carbohydrate-synthesis patterns sustained by complex sets of enzymes whose activities are modulated by the dierent carbohydrates themselves , which is true of contemporary carbohydrate metabolism .
Such a system might blindly try out variant patterns of synthesis until it could establish a self-sustaining web linking the carbohydrates , the enzymes , and certain protein receptors mediating the linkage between unconditioned and conditioned stimulus , then maintain that linkage by positive feedback loops .
The image is not too far from how it is imagined that `` idiotype '' and `` anti-idiotype '' immune networks work to sustain synthesis of a set of desired antibodies against an incoming pathogen .
In such networks , for which there is modestly good evidence , a given first antibody serves as an antigen that stimulates the body to produce a second antibody that binds to the unique amino acid sequences , called the `` idiotype '' of the first antibody .
In turn , the second `` anti-idiotype '' antibody stimulates a third , which stimulates a fourth .
But this series is likely to form feedback loops because the first and third antibody can often both bind to the same site on the second antibody , hence , the first and third antibodies are similar shapes in shape space .
It is not much of a stretch to think of the immune system as a conditioned stimulus response system .
Popperian creatures ?
Why can not the molecular-sensing and hypothesis-testing churning concerns of the bacterium as it senses a paramecium churn twenty cycles before kicking in the rotary motor , or not , such that the wee bacterium hides under a boulder of a grain of sand until the beast passes by ?
Are nerves necessary ?
Plants , as noted , are said to signal one another with complex secondary metabolites to characterize the particular kinds of insects infesting the glade .
There are arbitrary structural relations between the metabolite and the insect , just as symbols in human language are often arbitrary with respect to the signified .
Not bad for nerveless nonvertebrates .
I do get stuck at Gregorian creatures .
Even here , the free and open creating of new symbol strings in a language , wherever new sentences can be created , is not that fundamentally dierent from the persistent open creation of new kinds of molecules in the biosphere as a whole .
If the conversation we recent two-legged ones are having with respect to our digging sticks and atomic bombs is impressive , so too is the chemical conversation in any full-fledged ecosystem , where we are all instrumental in the lives of one another .
I suppose I am naively driven to consider that the biosphere , with its urgent diversity in which , emboldened by all our know-how , we do get on with a very rich conversation , may very early already have harbored all the levels of which Dennett speaks .
We humans are just more gregarious with our vocal cords and e-mail , I guess .
Smart place , a biosphere , lots to talk about .
Four billion years of yammering .
Slapstick comedy may have started a long time ago .
Ethics And what of ethics ?
Does a whi of ethical issue arise with autonomous agents ?
Yuck or yum from my point of view if I am an autonomous agent .
There are deep reasons for caution .
Hume told us long ago about the `` naturalistic fallacy '' : One can not deduce `` ought '' from `` is .
From the fact that mothers care for their young , we can not deduce that they ought to do so , Hume argued .
From the fact that Hitler set out to conquer Europe and more and to kill Jewry , we can not deduce that he ought to have done so .
Indeed , Hume ' s injunction underlies the caution of scientists about making ethical statements .
We scientists find the facts .
You citizens across the globe can argue the ethics .
But if Hume warns us not to deduce ought from is , where do values come from at all ?
Hume ' s injunction against deduction from is to ought nevertheless began by recognizing the legitimacy of the category `` ought .
The eorts following Hume to understand the meaning of ethical assertions have been long , twisted , arduous .
Following the dictates of the logical positivists of the Vienna Circle that only those statements capable of verification were meaningful , philosophers as famous as G. E. Moore came to wonder if ethical assertions were merely emotive utterances .
It is wrong to kill .
Becomes , `` Agggah !
Does the positivist argument seem persuasive ?
It has always amused me that the core injunction of the logical positivists , `` only those statements that are empirically verifiable are meaningful , '' is itself not empirically verifiable .
One is reminded of something about hoisting and petards .
John Rawls of Harvard has argued eloquently that our human notions of fairness derive from what we would all `` contractually '' agree to , were we to know before birth that we would all be born with diering abilities and endowments .
Thus `` equality before the law '' is one contract that Rawls commends to us .
Equality before the law '' is far more refined than the yuck or yum of the bacterium .
The emergence of ethics in the evolution of life on this planet is a fascinating issue .
I will content myself with wondering where `` value '' and the rudiments of `` intentionality '' come from in the physical universe in the first place and leave social contracts for other eorts .
Where is the place of value in a world of fact ?
So , a short soliloquy .
Facts are know-that statements .
But know-how preceded know that .
While fully aware of Hume ' s injunction , I think that from the autonomous agent ' s perspective , yuck or yum is primary , unavoidable , and of the deepest importance to that agent .
I suppose we apply the Darwinian criteria .
Too much yuck , this one and its progeny are gone from the future of the biosphere .
Without attributing consciousness to an E. coli , or an autonomous agent we may create in the near future , I can not help but feel that the rudiments of value are present once autonomous agents are around .
And again without attributing consciousness , once an autonomous agent is around is the rudiment of intentionality present ?
If so , another cornerstone of ethical activity has been laid .
Ethical behavior requires first the logical possibility of behavior for which one is responsible .
You are not responsible for acts and eects beyond your control .
To act ethically , you must first be able to act at all .
But what are `` acts '' in the first place ?
Daniel Yamins is a brilliant young mathematician .
Now entering Harvard , Dan spent a summer with me at the Santa Fe Institute before he learned to drive , after an earlier summer spent in the laboratory of Jack Szostak at Harvard , where , at age fourteen , Dan was learning to evolve RNA molecules to bind arbitrary ligands .
Dan and I struggled that summer to make the distinction between the `` doings '' of an autonomous agent and mere happenings in and around the autonomous agent .
Note we say the E. coli is swimming upstream in the glucose gradient to get dinner .
But all sorts of molecular vibrational , rotational , and translational motions are occurring .
What are actions and what are mere happenings ?
I do not think we were successful in drawing a clean distinction between doings and happenings with clear mathematics .
But I sense that the distinction between doings and happenings , Dan ' s happy phrasing , is relevant for E. coli , tigers , us , trees , and autonomous agents in general .
We will meet a similar problem in the next chapter when we attempt to distinguish between the function of a part of an organism and the other causal consequences of that part of the organism .
Strange and interesting , is it not , that these issues all seem to arise with autonomous agents but not otherwise ?
Granted that we here seem to confront the language game circularity alluded to earlier , yet I do truly think that the rudiments of semantics , intentionality , value , and ethics arise with autonomous agents .
I do not think those rudiments suce to jump over Hume ' s naturalistic fallacy .
We can not deduce ought from is in any concrete context , but I think we have the categories of ought and is in the physical universe once we have autonomous agents .
Washington has expressed concern to the Lebanese authorities about the possibility of a Hizbullah attack against Israel within the next couple of days , and requested that efforts be deployed to prevent such a development , official sources disclosed Friday .
The sources said an American message was delivered to the Foreign Ministry on Friday regarding the Bush administration 's claims that Hizbullah was contemplating a new military operation to mark the anniversary of the assassination of then-Hizbullah secretary-general Abbas Mussawi .
Mussawi was killed on Feb. 17 , 1992 , when an Israeli helicopter fired a missile into his car in the South .
According to the sources , US fears were based on Israeli information about such a likelihood .
Security sources said that Israel had reinforced security measures along the Lebanese-Israeli border over the past couple of days , having adopted a series of " precautionary procedures . "
For that purpose , Israeli troops were deployed en masse along the border over the last 48 hours , the security sources said .
Lebanese officials have avoided publicly commenting on the new message from Washington .
But the sources reaffirmed that Lebanon remained committed to its position regarding the situation on the border , where violations of the UN 's so-called " Blue Line " are usually committed by Israel .
" It is Israel that is responsible for all kinds of provocative activities , " one official source remarked , referring in particular to air raids and other aggressive acts against Lebanon .
Lebanese authorities expect the United States to curb such Israeli infractions , the official source added , rather than adopt Israeli claims and seek security for the Jewish state .
According to a government official in contact with US politicians recently , hostility toward Hizbullah has grown tremendously in recent months within the US administration .
The official did not rule out the possibility of seeing such animosity reflect negatively on relations with Lebanon and Syria - and on the region in general - on the eve of the Arab summit scheduled for March in Beirut .
Cubans celebrate Venezuelan president 's return to power , compare botched coup to Bay of Pigs
HAVANA - ( AP ) -- Thousands of Cubans celebrated Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez 's return to power at a rally Tuesday , likening the failed coup against the Cuban ally to the disastrous U.S.-backed effort to overthrow Fidel Castro 's government 41 years ago .
About 4,000 Castro supporters -- workers , students , housewives and retirees -- gathered on the streetcorner where the Cuban leader declared the country socialist in a speech on the eve of the April 17 , 1961 Bay of Pigs invasion by an American-trained exile army .
''This commemoration acquires special relevance this year , '' said Jorge Arias , a top local Communist Party official .
He said it was a '' beautiful historic coincidence '' that the celebration came so soon after Venezuelans `` have written a page of dignity and honor by going out into the streets to overthrow the coup attempt . ''
Both Castro and Chavez are leftists who see themselves as revolutionary leaders .
Castro considers Chavez a friend and his closest political ally in the region , and their close ties have rankled the United States .
Cuba was swift to denounce the Venezuelan president 's ouster Friday -- reversed two days later when Chavez was reinstated by loyalist military officers after demonstrations calling for his return .
The Bush administration brushed aside suggestions Tuesday that it quietly encouraged the removal of Chavez .
At the Bay of Pigs , a CIA-trained force of about 1,500 exiles invaded in an effort to overthrow Castro 's government , which had seized power 28 months before .
The attempt failed , and about 100 of the invaders were killed and 1,000 captured .
Commercial relations between Egypt and China witnessed much development
Chinese President Jiang Zemin said he would probe with President Mubarak who will start an official visit to Beijing next Wednesday , strategic cooperation between the two countries , hot international issues such as combating terrorism , the situation in the Middle East and in Afghanistan .
In an interview with AL Ahram newspaper , the Chinese President said economic and commercial relations between Egypt and China have witnessed a balanced development adding that the volume of economic and commercial cooperation expanded to register 900 million dollars in the year 2000 , up with 21 than the preceding year .
He said China is prepared to cooperate with Egypt in the technological field at various levels , indicating that there are high prospects for cooperation in the fields of scientific research , technology , industry and human resources development .
The Chinese President said the key to solve the issue of the Middle East lies in reaching a just settlement for the Palestinian cause and return of the land occupied by Israel .
The Chinese President said his country objects to the Israeli policies represented in military attacks , economic siege on Palestinians and expansion of the Jewish settlements as well as to the acts of violence against innocent civilians .
He said all parties concerned should work for resuming peace negotiations as soon as possible , based on the United Nations resolutions on the Middle East issues , the principle of land for peace and commitment to agreements and notes of understandings which have been reached .
The Chinese leader said President Mubarak telephoned him after last September 11th incidents urging him to do his best for saving the peace process between Palestinians and Israel .
He said his country has repeatedly , through proper diplomatic channels , urged the Israeli side to fulfill its pledges and to respond favorably to endeavors aimed at reaching a settlement in the Middle East through negotiations .
He indicated that China would continue to play its role in supporting the peaceful settlement in the Middle East adding that he would discuss with President Bush , who will visit Beijing next month , ways of reactivating the peace process between Palestinians and Israelis .
The Chinese President said China fully supports the restoration by the Palestinian people of their legitimate rights including the right to establish the Palestinian State , adding that China recognized Palestinian State when it was declared in 1988 .
The Chinese President said the September 11 incidents have shocked the world and imposed many changes , referring to the emergence of problems with universal nature such as international terrorism , adding that multi-polar system is the only guarantee for the establishment of international system .
The Chinese President said the economic open door policy and reform in China has managed to establish a strong economic structure and has enhanced Chinese competitiveness .
BEIJING , March 6 ( AFP ) -- China 's foreign minister on Wednesday pledged to expand " constructive and cooperative " relations with the United States , in a notably conciliatory performance at his annual get-together with the media .
" We are ready to work together with the US side to narrow differences , expand common ground , increase exchanges and promote cooperation in order to further push forward the constructive and cooperative ties , " Foreign Minister Tang Jiaxuan told journalists .
In a press conference on the sidelines of the current full session of parliament -- his annual opportunity to present China 's foreign policy objectives to the outside world -- Tang largely steered clear of subjects over which Beijing and Washington disagree .
Even when the perennially divisive issue of Taiwan was raised by reporters , he offered only mild and routine criticism of US policy towards the island .
China had always " firmly opposed " the US Taiwan Affairs Act , which mandates by law the US defense of Taiwan and forms the basis for US arms sales to the island , he said .
Tang called on Washington to uphold the so-called " one China policy " -- the centrepiece of Beijing 's dealings with Taiwan which categorises the island is an inalienable part of mainland territory -- but failed to specifically condemn Washington 's arms sales to Taipei .
However he stressed that Taiwan remained the crucial issue between the two .
" I wish to emphasize that the Taiwan question remains the most sensitive and most important issue at the core of the Sino-US relationship , " he said .
Sino-US ties have greatly improved since Beijing backed the US fight against global terrorism and its bombing campaign of terrorist targets in Afghanistan following the September 11 terrorist attacks on the United States .
The tone of Tang 's press conference was markedly different to that of last year 's equivalent event , during which he roundly criticised United States arms sales to Taiwan .
Sino-US relations took a more serious dip a month afterwards during a crisis over the collision between a US surveillance plane and a Chinese fighter jet over the South China Sea .
Tang conceded there had been " twists and turns " following US President George W. Bush 's accession to the US presidency in early last year , but said the relationship had improved with Bush 's visits to China in October and last month .
" President Jiang and President Bush held an important meeting in Shanghai in October where they agreed that both countries would work together to build a constructive and cooperative relationship .
" This is a very important consensus , " Tang said .
When asked whether the anti-terror alliance meant good relations between the country were based purely on expediency , Tang disagreed , saying cooperation " was long-term " .
China will seek to improve the relationship still further during visits by President Jiang Zemin and Vice President Hu Jintao to Washington later this year .
Tang further announced that Liu Jieyi , the director general of the Chinese Foreign Ministry section in charge of arms control , was in Washington for talks on weapons proliferation and issues concerning the global security .
US accusations of China 's alleged proliferation of weapons of mass destruction have long been countered by Beijing with loud opposition to US weapon sales to Taiwan .
Overall , despite a " grim and complicated " post September 11 international order , China still maintained that " peace , stability and development " remained the main themes characterizing the world environment , Tang said .
February 26 , 1999 Dear , Kids today face overwhelming pressures , everything from trouble at home to gangs and drugs .
Youngsters often find themselves feeling alienated and alone .
That 's where the Boys & Girls Clubs of Indianapolis come in .
We reach out to kids -- especially those from disadvantaged neighborhoods where the risks are highest .
We give them a chance to realize their own potential by giving them a place where they can develop a sense of competence , of usefulness , a sense of belonging and of influence .
To accomplish this , the five area Boys & Girls Clubs of Indianapolis must be open and available when the kids need them , with the staff and programs the kids need to reach and grow into responsible and caring citizens .
This costs money .
Money for programs , for equipment , and for repairs and improvements to club facilities .
Your contribution last year of helped us get where we are today .
We are counting on you now to help us get where we need to be tomorrow .
Would you please consider a gift of the same in 1999 ?
Please , give generously .
The kids are depending on you .
Respectfully , James Campbell President of the Board Deputy Chief , Indianapolis Police Department A United Way Agency
Please detach and return in the enclosed envelope .
SHANGHAI , Oct 16 ( AFP ) - Malaysian Foreign Minister Syed Hamid Albar warned Tuesday that prolonged military attacks on Afghanistan could destabilise the Islamic world and reiterated calls for the US to end the campaign quickly .
" We hope it can be ended as soon as possible , " Syed Hamid told AFP in an interview here ahead of a ministerial gathering of the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation ( APEC ) forum .
" If it goes on , we are worried .
Islamic countries are with the US in combatting terrorism but we do n't want it to be prolonged because it can create trouble and instability all around the Islamic world , " he said .
" We are worried that Islamic states like ourselves that support the US efforts , ultimately the population will rise against us , seeing all these innocent people being killed ...
we do n't want the war to be seen or to be perceived as a war against Islam . "
Syed Hamid said the international community must deal with terrorism rationally and form a new " security architecture " to combat what he described as a " new dimension of crime against humanity " in the long term .
" For continued world economic development and growth , security architecture is important .
This is not the conventional security but it is internal and we must look at terrorism and its sources , " he said .
" At the moment the focus is on Taliban and Osama bin Laden , but after that what happens ?
" Over the long term , we have to look at how terrorism manifests itself and have an international convention where terrorism is properly defined and where it is considered as a crime against humanity so there can be a proper tribunal . "
Syed Hamid said critics must also accept that the war against terrorism could affect civil liberties .
" One can not be too philosophical or idealistic about civil liberties when they can jeopardise peace and security , law and order in a country . "
Opposition groups in Malaysia have expressed concern that the government of Prime Minister Mahathir Mohamad is using the US-led war on terror as a pretext to crack down on legitimate dissent .
Mahathir will be among APEC leaders , including US President George W. Bush , convening in Shanghai this weekend for an annual summit .
The summit is set to issue an anti-terrorism declaration at the conclusion of the largest gathering of world leaders since the September 11 attacks on the World Trade Center and Pentagon .
The declaration was necessary because terrorism was the " most dangerous enemy of law-abiding citizens and an affront against law and democracy " , Syed Hamid said .
Predominantly Muslim Malaysia supports the US hunt for terrorists but opposes the attacks on Afghanistan .
Mahathir has urged the United Nations to convene an international meeting on terrorism .
Name Address City , State , Zip Dear Name , It 's tough growing up today .
We know that children do better when they have a network of caring adults to nurture and motivate them .
When young people do n't have that support , they need other resources for encouragement to guide them along the way .
Big Sisters helps bridge that gap by providing children with the resources they need -- Big Sisters volunteers .
Big Sisters are mentors and friends who empower girls to more fully reach their potential , experience life 's opportunities and perhaps begin to dream .
The relationships that are formed provide strong foundations from which healthy values and strong self-confidence can grow , helping youth become strong , independent adults of tomorrow .
This year we will serve over 1,000 girls through our mentoring programs .
This is an impressive number ; but for each girl served , more are left unserved .
Over 150 girls are currently waiting for a Big Sister .
You can make an impact by supporting Big Sisters Annual Campaign and our $ 200,000 goal .
If you are a regular contributor to the Annual Campaign , I encourage you to consider increasing your gift by 10 % .
If you have not supported Big Sisters in the past , please join me in doing so by completing and returning the enclosed pledge form .
Early adolescence is the most vulnerable age for youth .
But caring adults like you can reach out and help .
It 's the perfect time to make a world of difference .
Sincerely ,
MMM F_NAME L_NAME TITLE COMPANY ADDRESS CITY , ST ZIP March 4 , 1999 Dear LTR_NAME : CCI has come a long way in the last five years .
We 've worked hard to structrue the organization so that we 've ready to move boldly into the next century , and I believe that we have an exciting and successful future ahead of us .
One of the areas we 've decided to focus on is development .
It 's clear that if we do n't increase our base of private funding , we wo n't have the kind of control we need to ensure the continued success of our centers and the very important services they offer .
In 1998 , CCI served 31,484 individuals right in their own backyards .
Where else would that many people turn if CCI were n't there to help ?
The community initiatives committee is working with our development office to put together a long-range fundraising plan that will ultimately bring more money into our centers .
This in turn will help us to increase and even improve the services we offer .
With this in mind , I am asking each one of you to make a personal contribution of $ 50 , $ 100 or even $ 1,000 to show that you believe in the work that we do and are willing to support it with both your time and your finances .
This way when we go out to ask for community support and are asked about our board giving level , we can show our in-house commitment through 100 % board participation .
I also encourage you to seek additional support through your company , church , or service organization .
I know that our staff and committee members will be happy to go with you to talk to these group if you need their help .
We 're at an exciting juncture and it wo n't be long until we start seeing solid results from our efforts .
Your financial support of the development process is just one step in making CCI a stronger , more efficient and ultimately more effective federation of service providers .
Please , make your contribution today .
Sincerely , J.Chris Graffeo Chair P.S. If you have any questions , feel free to call Valery De Long at CCI , 638-3360 x23 .
After their withdrawal from Bethlehem , Bayt Jala , and Qalqilya , the Israeli forces withdrew from Ramallah yesterday , but they maintained the siege and closure around the city .
This means that the suffering of the citizens in Ramallah , like the suffering of the citizens in Bethlehem , Bayt Jala , and Qalqilya , will continue on the roadblocks , affecting their medical , economic , educational , and social life .
No other people in the world have seen such suffering .
The main and perhaps only reason for this suffering is the continuing Israeli occupation and its heavy burden on Palestinian citizens .
The Israeli withdrawal was a correction of a mistake the Israeli Government made when it decided to reoccupy parts of the main West Bank cities following the assassination of Israeli minister Rehav'am Ze'evi .
The reoccupation was a kind of collective punishment for the inhabitants of those cities and the villages around them , villages that constitute an organic and vital extension of the cities .
The Israeli forces destroyed buildings and installations in those cities , arrested dozens of citizens , and killed dozens others .
That showed that the ruling right-wing coalition in Israel is pursuing an occupational policy and is not , in the first place , willing to recognize the firm national Palestinian rights to freedom , independence , and the end of occupation and settlement .
This policy , which disregards the need to establish a just peace based on the need for the Palestinian people to regain their freedom and independence , is reflected in statements made by the Israeli officials , who brag about the large number of Palestinians who were killed or arrested by the Israeli forces .
It is also reflected in the fact that the ruling Israeli coalition has no agreed-upon political plan and that the settlement plans and initiatives that are attributed to this Israeli official or that are unable to meet the minimum legitimate Palestinian demands .
These initiatives and plans largely try to keep as much hegemony and as many settlements as possible on Palestinian lands , resources , airspace , and crossing points .
In its approach to the national Palestinian rights the Israeli Government is playing the cat and mouse game .
It is trying to use the time factor to perpetuate the occupation .
It is also working to push the Palestinians and the world into new labyrinths and tunnels , inside the old tunnels , to distract them from the main and central demands .
The cycle of reoccupation-withdrawal-reoccupation is part of this approach , which is no secret to anyone .
The only way to peace lies in the full Israeli withdrawal from the Palestinian territories that were occupied in 1967 and the termination of the occupational and settlement presence in these territories .
The way to peace does not lie in devious methods to circumvent the inalienable Palestinian rights .
Such methods would only complicate things and add fuel to the raging fire .
Russia favours creation of " international instruments " to regulate emissions
Moscow , 16 July : The Russian Foreign Ministry has called for " taking into account Russia 's specific interests " in working out international documents concerning the regulation of emissions .
A Foreign Ministry statement in connection with the opening of a conference of the signatories to the UN framework convention on climate change in Bonn reads that taking into account Russia 's interests " is of vital importance from the viewpoint of prospects for the ratification of the Kyoto protocol inside the state " .
Russia is " interested in creating international instruments for regulating emissions , which will guarantee the stable economic development of all signatories to international agreements on the climate sphere without any exceptions " , the statement reads .
" The US decision to withdraw from introducing state measures to regulate the emission of greenhouse gases negatively affects the world community 's efforts to ensure the global and efficient character of the Kyoto protocol , " the document reads .
August 10 , 1999 Mr. Caring Philanthropy 01234 Giving Way Contribution , USA 56789 Dear Mr. Philanthropy , " The urgency you feel to make changes is just the extent that change will be made .
Do not sit this one out .
Do not play it safe .
Understand the world and change it where it needs to be changed ...
Make our society better .
Make a world worthy of the children that your generation will bear .
Carl Sagan You can help make positive changes in the lives of at-risk youth in central Indiana .
We often hear about economic poverty , but what some of these young people are growing up with is emotional poverty-they have often given up on hope and the possibility of a successful future .
With your help , we can change that .
Many Little Sisters are preparing to go back to school this fall full of hope and with a positive outlook .
Thanks to our Big Sisters volunteers , these young people are self-confident , believe in themselves and are beginning to realize their full potential .
A recent study bypositive Public/Private Ventures ( PPV ) showed that girls who had a Big Sister for just one year : reduced first-time drug use by 46 % lowered school absenteeism by 52 % cut violent behavior by 33 % enhanced school performance showed improved peer and family relationships Former Little Sister Amy , now 18-years old , is a testament to the Big Sisters program .
I was matched with my Big Sister in June of 1992 .
Since then , she and I have grown very close and I have been able to experience lots of new things .
We go to movies , dinner , concerts , and other stuff like that , but I have also been able to participate in charity events and fundraiser type things .
Not only did I have a lot of fun with my Big Sister , but I learned a lot from her too .
I have become more open-minded , more responsible , and , most importantly , I have gained a lot more self-confidence .
I am very thankful to the Big Sisters program for allowing me this very special opportunity .
In 1998 , Big Sisters served 972 young people through its many programs .
But the need is still great .
Over 170 young people are still waiting for a mentor .
You are an important part in making sure these young people are matched with caring adult mentors .
Will you make a financial gift to Big Sisters in 1999 that will ensure that more young people receive the guidance they need , that more young people stay in school , stay off drugs and make good choices ?
Your contribution will be used to recruit and retain quality volunteers .
It will also be used to help maintain the infrastructure that fosters and supports the development of effective relationships , including volunteer orientation and training and ongoing supervision and support by a professional staff .
This year your gift can go farther !
Gifts of $ 100 or more will be matched thanks to a special 25th Anniversary $ 100,000 Challenge Grant and will be placed in the Growth For Girls Fund .
This fund will support the goal of having 550 mentoring relationships by the end of 1999 and 1,200 by the end of 2004 .
If you would like to find out more about the Big Sisters program , please call us , ( 317 ) 634-6102 and ask for Ellen Robinson .
Thank you very much for your time , attention and consideration .
Sincerely , Andrew T. Burns Patron Relations Chairperson P.S. When you give to Big Sisters , you can get 50 % back !
For a minimum contribution of $ 250 , you become eligible for a 50 % Indiana state tax credit through the Indiana Department of Commerce Neighborhood Assistance Program ( NAP ) .
A limited number of credits are available .
To receive an application form , check the NAP box on the enclosed pledge card or call us , ( 317 ) 634-6102 , ext .
20 .
Argentina : Right wing sweeps to victory in face of economic crisis
The right-wing Peronist party Partido Justicialista ( Justice Party ) has won the elections of Sunday 14th October for the Argentine Senate and Chamber of Deputies with an absolute majority .
The results of the elections were to be expected in view of the catastrophic economic situation of the majority of the country 's citizens .
Argentina has an ever-growing rate of poverty , which defies logic given the enormous land/population ratio , with the richest soil in South America .
Once again , the governing class of a South American country has proved itself utterly unable to come to terms with the needs of the population , basically because it has become removed from the reality of the country .
The more the poles part , the further the political and social distance between the parts .
The fact that a right-wing party has conquered an absolute majority in Argentina proves the desperation of the people , although 41 % of the population voted with spoiled or void votes .
The PJ ( Peronist ) will receive 39 of the 72 seats in the High Chamber against 25 of the Government Alliance ( of President de la Rua ) .
In the Chamber of Deputies , the PJ will have 116 of the 257 members , 17 more than the last election .
The Government Alliance lost 14 seats and will end up with 88 .
The real challenge facing Argentina is how its economy will manage to survive the onslaught of the international credit vultures ready to tear its members apart .
Tashkent , 14 November : Japanese investment in Uzbekistan in the last 10 years reached 1.3bn US dollars , Uzbek President Islam Karimov said in a meeting with Japanese lawmakers in Tashkent on Wednesday [ 14 November ] .
He said this investment was made in various industries , including health care , education , and in improvement of water supplies in the country .
Karimov stressed that trade turnover between Uzbekistan and Japan in 2001 is expected to be quite good .
In the first 10 months of this year , it was 133m US dollars , which is almost double of the amount of last year when it was 71m US dollars .
ZANU PF readies for war
ZIMBABWE is amassing huge quantities of arms and ammunition using two African allies in preparation for next year 's crucial presidential election , it has been established .
Financial Gazette investigations in the past one-and-a-half months have revealed that the Democratic Republic of the Congo ( DRC ) and Namibia are helping Zimbabwe circumvent an international arms embargo to buy huge quantities of guns and bullets for next year 's ballot .
The arms embargo was imposed on Harare last year by Europe and the United States on President Robert Mugabe 's government because of its appalling human rights record .
The investigations show that Zimbabwe is importing and massing an assortment of guns at army bases around the country in preparation for the poll , which is expected to be violent .
Most of the guns have been arriving secretly at Suri Suri airbase in Chegutu before they are distributed to other military bases and some will be sent to farms where self-styled war veterans have established bases to intimidate voters .
The bulk of the weapons have arrived from the DRC in that country 's military cargo plane .
The weapons consist of a significant portion of French-made guns , most of which top government sources say will be distributed to war veterans who are central to the ruling ZANU PF party 's re-election strategy in the presidential poll .
The sources say Zimbabwe , after the massive depletion of its armoury because of its participation in the three-year-old DRC war , has been finding it extremely difficult to replenish its arms stocks because its traditional and cheaper arms suppliers in Europe are refusing to sell it arms .
This had forced the army to implement some unpalatable measures , including the grounding of most of its entire fleet of Hawk fighter aircraft due to Britain 's refusal to sell spare parts .
Virtually all European Union member states have severed ties with Zimbabwe and imposed an arms embargo on the country .
" Although we can still buy a number of arms from countries like Russia and China , a greater part of our fairly priced weapons , ammunition and spares have been sourced from mainly European countries like Britain , Sweden , France and others over the years .
We can no longer buy arms from Europe at the moment because of the problems here , " said a top Ministry of Defence source .
" We have been left with no alternative but to buy some weapons via our allies in the DRC who have access to some of these European weapons that we have preference for . "
Defence Minister Sydney Sekeramayi declined to comment on the allegations of sanctions busting and the massing of guns at army bases around the country .
" Just avoid that one for now .
I am not going to comment on that one , " Sekeramayi said yesterday before immediately cutting off his telephone .
Asked why weapons of French origin were finding their way into Zimbabwe in an interview last month , Jerome Sautier , the first counsellor at the French embassy in Harare , and Lieutenant Colonel Dault , the defence attache , said France was not selling any arms to Zimbabwe .
The two said they had no knowledge of the arrival of French arms in the country but said France sold arms to several African countries which could in turn re-sell them to other countries .
They said they did not know whether this was the case with Zimbabwe .
" In Africa , we have military relationships with many countries .
We have , for instance , sold arms to many French-speaking countries .
These arms can in turn be re-sold by those other countries , " said Sautier , adding that there was also the possibility of illegal arms trafficking outside the authority of the French government .
The first secretary at the Namibian High Commission in Harare , Mati Jose , said he had no knowledge of Namibia helping Zimbabwe to bust the arms embargo while the DRC 's ambassador to Zimbabwe Mawapanga Mwanananga could not be reached for comment .
Authoritative military sources said the army will be training and arming war veterans to ensure that Mugabe is re-elected in the ballot which must be held by the end of March .
A number of bases have been established for the war veterans throughout Zimbabwe , particularly in those areas which did not have army camps .
The sources said the war veterans will operate from these bases , their main objective being to make it impossible for the MDC to campaign in rural areas .
Opposition supporters would also be harassed and ejected out of the rural areas to disable them from voting in their constituencies .
A number of war veterans have in fact already been armed .
The opposition Movement for Democratic Change ( MDC ) said in a statement that ZANU PF supporters who smashed MDC leader Morgan Tsvangirai 's vehicle and thwarted his planned meeting with his party 's structures in Sanyati last week were armed with guns .
A senior government official said : " I sympathize with those who want change in the presidential elections but judging by the groundwork that ZANU PF is doing to deal with the opposition , I am afraid to say that I do n't see that change coming . "
Environmentalist groups staged a protest against the U.S. alternative to the Kyoto Protocol on curbing global warming near the U.S. Embassy in Tokyo on Sunday prior to President George W. Bush 's arrival in the capital .
About 50 members of various Japanese and U.S. nongovernmental organizations ( NGOs ) opposed to the U.S. alternative to the 1997 pact gathered around 1 p.m .
at Tameike-Sanno Station , close to the embassy in Tokyo 's Minato Ward .
" We can not accept it by any means .
It is very regrettable that the United States has taken a negative stand , " Masaaki Nakajima of Friends of the Earth ( FoE ) Japan said .
Protesters carried banners reading , " Ratify the Kyoto Protocol , " and " Koizumi say 'No ' to Bush : Stick to Kyoto Protocol . "
The demonstration came amid heightened security around the embassy as well as elsewhere in Tokyo for the president 's visit .
Representatives of the NGOs including Kiko Network , Peace Boat and FoE Japan handed a letter addressed to Bush to a guard at the embassy .
In the letter , the NGOs said , " We , Japanese environmental NGOs concerned about climate change , were terribly dismayed by your new climate change plan . "
On Thursday , Bush unveiled the new plan that calls for voluntary limits on greenhouse gas emissions by companies in accordance with economic growth instead of mandatory reduction targets .
Bush sparked international outcry when he rejected the Kyoto Protocol last March , saying it would mean sacrificing U.S. economic growth .
" We think this plan can not be an 'alternative ' to Kyoto Protocol because it would allow the current greenhouse gas emissions of the United States to increase by around 30 % compared to 1990 level in 2010 , " the letter said .
" We demand of you , Mr. President , to reconsider your climate policy plan immediately and re-enter the Kyoto Protocol .
The Kyoto Protocol is the only existing international framework to prevent dangerous climate change , " it added .
Measures to tackle global warming will be among the main issues Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi and Bush will discuss when they meet Monday in Tokyo , according to Japanese and U.S. officials .
Kiko Network also sent an e-mail message to Koizumi urging the premier to call on Bush to return to the Kyoto Protocol at an early stage and to inform him of Japan 's plan to ratify the Kyoto Protocol after the Diet approves ratification during the current Diet session .
Meanwhile , Peace Boat also handed a separate letter addressed to the president to the guard , calling on the U.S. to take leadership in helping developing countries through " peaceful dialogue and fair economic support . "
In reference to the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks on New York and Washington last year , the letter said , " Do n't push the Japanese government or any other government to cooperate in your 'war against terrorism ' . "
It also called on the U.S. to stop all air raids on Afghanistan , cease nuclear experiments and reduce U.S. military bases in Japan , among other requests .
Guantanamo 's Unhappy Campers
The only abuse the detainees are experiencing is self-inflicted .
GUANTANAMO BAY , CUBA -- It 's 5 A.M. at the Roosevelt Roads Naval station in Puerto Rico , and 20 journalists straggle to the gate in sleep-deprived silence to catch a plane to Guantanamo Bay .
Many of us have n't been up this early in years .
But after flying thousands of miles , then pub-crawling through the streets of Old San Juan last night , we are here because our military escorts insist we show up at this time , though the flight actually leaves four hours later .
" The military operates on one principle , " explains a savvy veteran : " Hurry up and wait . "
If we 're not happy , that goes double for our public affairs babysitters .
" I 'm up to my ears in Vieques , " says Navy Lt. Corey Barker , of the nearby bombing range/public relations fiasco that has been protested by everyone from Al Sharpton to obscure Kennedys .
Now , Barker is stuck minding us as we light out for Guantanamo , the American naval station on the southeastern tip of Cuba .
It is there that 158 al Qaeda/Taliban prisoners are being detained because , depending on who you ask , it is an ideal , sunny clime , it 's not subject to the get-out-of-jail escape hatches of U.S. federal law , or because , as one senior Pentagon official says , " The lawyers did n't want to go on 14-hour flights to some guano rock in the Pacific . "
Inside the air terminal , our baggage handlers check us in with the efficiency of Bulgarian DMV workers .
A sign on the wall says " Air Terminal of the Year 2000 . "
" I 'd hate to see who got second place , " whispers one reporter .
As we wait for our flight on a creaky Pan Am jet , we are shunted off to the " VIP " room , so named because it has a coffee pot and seascape paintings that look pilfered from a south Florida retirement village .
Here , we are given our media " indoctrination " packages , never an encouraging word if you aspire to reportorial autonomy .
As we sit watching CNN , an unfounded rumor gains currency .
Though it 's Saturday , and we 're supposed to be in Cuba until Monday , the military has changed plans and is going to make us leave Guantanamo Sunday morning .
" One thing 's for sure , " says a wire reporter , " you wo n't have to sort through all your notes to decide what to lead with . "
Fearing an abbreviated schedule , I commence valuable newsgathering .
Knowing that in some Taliban-held provinces , pederasty rivaled headless-goat polo ( buzkashi ) as the favorite pastime , I ask a Naval officer if there are any reports of Guantanamo prisoners turning to man-love .
" Oh God no , " he says .
" Though there are some Air Force personnel over there , so who knows what 's going on ? "
Another officer relays something we 'll hear repeated often : that because of international political pressure , the prisoners are getting coddled .
The latest report has Army guards directing detainees on which way to pray to Mecca .
" They 're actually going to paint arrows on the floors of the cells so they 'll know to face north , " he says .
" You mean east , " I say .
" North , east , whatever , " he replies , " I 'm Lutheran -- I do n't know where the hell it is . "
A FEW hours later , we touch down at the Guantanamo landing strip on the isolated leeward side of the base ( Gitmo , as it is nicknamed , is actually bisected by Guantanamo Bay ) .
After getting sniffed by a German shepherd who 's more interested in bombs than my colleague 's Percocet , we 're escorted to the media center , an ugly wood-paneled affair that sits next to a pink hangar .
After another hour or two of waiting , a mouthy reporter loudly calls his editor so we can all hear him report the latest : " Same shit , different day .
Though they 're really cleaning up the media center .
Curtains , an air conditioner , even a freakin ' bulletin board ! "
The hospitality ends there .
A stern sign on the bulletin board admonishes us to clean up after ourselves .
The goodies set out on a table ( grape beverage powder and apple jelly from meals-ready-to-eat packs ) practically scream , " Ca n't wait till you leave . "
Many of us had secretly harbored the fantasy that we could talk our overseers into letting us go right up to the prisoners ' cells , the terrorist equivalent of a field trip to the ASPCA .
But as a gaggle of public affairs officers enter , they lay down two immutable laws : There will be no access to detainees ( the Geneva Convention forbids making them a " public curiosity " ) .
And we can go only where the officers take us .
Running the public affairs show is Army Lt. Col. William Costello , a bearish soldier who looks like the kind of guy who enjoys breaking things on his face .
His hard , dark orbs dart to and fro while he delivers a good news/bad news proposition .
The good news is Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld will be visiting the detainees ' Camp X-Ray the next morning .
The bad news is that the unfounded rumor is founded -- the Pentagon press corps is coming with him , and we 'll be forced to leave a day early .
Immediately , an angry media throng closes in on Costello , the air now containing an Altamont-like level of violence .
" My editors are going to crush my nuts , " says one reporter , probably female .
" This is crazy , " I say , " How am I supposed to get enough material for a piece ? "
" Not my problem , " replies Costello .
" This is bullshit , " thunders another print reporter .
" You 're making us leave as the biggest story gets here . "
" You 're not allowed to stay , " says Costello .
" Why not ? " snaps the reporter .
Costello 's blood rises as his high-and-tight haircut stands up like an angry-dog scruff : " BECAUSE ... YOU 'RE ... NOT ... STAYING ! "
" Welcome to the Pearl of the Antilles , " deadpans Lt. Commander Brendan McPherson , in a limp cruise-director chirp .
It 's understandable if public affairs types are a little testy .
There 's an obvious culture clash ( military personnel do n't get paid to ask why ; journalists do n't get paid otherwise ) .
Besides that , ever since the detainees started arriving on January 11 , Gitmo and the joint forces being run under Southern Command have experienced the PR equivalent of what my ever-subtle colleagues -- borrowing from Special Forces terminology for disastrous missions -- call a " goat f -- . "
In the richest irony of the war on terrorism , the Department of Defense , which normally goes out of its way not to make news , caused an international outcry by releasing still shots of detainees being brought to Camp X-Ray .
As they were transported and in-processed , al Qaeda members were photographed kneeling , wearing earmuffs , shackles , and blackout goggles .
Though these seemed perfectly reasonable precautions to take when transporting by C-141 members of an organization already responsible for one prison uprising ( Mazar-i-Sharif , which resulted in a CIA operative 's death ) and several suicide plane crashes , human rights groups and international media , led by a chorus of Euro-whiners , immediately lapsed into hysterics .
The British press , with typical understatement , claimed prisoners were being " brutalized , tortured , and humiliated , " and that the whole operation was nothing more than " a sick attempt to appeal to the worst red-neck prejudices . "
Tony Blair pointed out that the three British al Qaeda members being held at Gitmo have had no complaints .
But that did n't stop the Mirror 's Stephen Moyes from method reporting by donning an al Qaeda rig .
" Wrapped in the suffocating orange boiler suit , " he wrote , " I lost any sense of dignity " -- a loss he could have just as easily sustained by rereading his own copy .
Sillier still were protestations from such humanitarians as Saddam Hussein and the government of Malaysia ( Prime Minister Mahathir Mohamad has made some of the loudest noise , though Amnesty International dings him for arresting the speechwriter of a political rival , who was then blindfolded , stripped naked , punched , verbally abused , and forced to simulate homosexual acts -- none of which is alleged at Camp X-Ray ) .
About the only foreign leader who has supported the American detainee camp , ironically , is Fidel Castro , who is either angling to end the embargo or inching ever closer to dementia .
( He declared January " Americans ' Month " and invited Jimmy Carter for a visit . )
All of this has made Camp X-Ray personnel a sensitive lot .
On the ferry crossing over to the windward side where the camp is located , I sit next to a now mellow Lt. Col. Costello , who has decided to patch things up with the reporter he snapped at , and who , after getting the sign-off from Southern Command , has cleared us to stay through Rumsfeld 's visit .
Costello , like many Gitmo types , is baffled at the uproar over the prisoners ' treatment .
" Soldiers and Marines that are guarding the detainees at Camp X-Ray have worse conditions than the detainees , " he says .
Much has been made over their being kept in outdoor cells , invariably called " cages , " which are topped with corrugated tin-covered wooden roofs that keep what little rain Gitmo gets ( six inches a year ) off the prisoners .
Costello says their eight-by-eight cells contain about twice as much space as soldiers have in their crowded , unventilated tents a few hundred yards away .
" They 're getting warm showers , clean laundry , hot chow , " Costello says of the prisoners .
" They 're getting 2,600 calories a day .
I 'm not getting 2,600 calories a day .
I 'm running my ass off chasing you guys around . "
( One of the medics treating detainees claims that a full quarter of them were suffering from malnutrition when they were captured . )
But we do n't have to take Costello 's word for it .
We can see for ourselves , sort of .
After a quick stop at McDonald 's ( the only one in Cuba ) , our white school bus transports us past beautiful seaside vistas and brownish cactus-infested scrub , past ramshackle housing and up a hill , which features an abandoned auto yard that the locals used to call Sears .
It 's where they 'd strip old junkers for parts then used on jerry-rigged jalopies called " Gitmo specials . "
Across from Sears is Camp X-Ray , a teeming hive of concertina wire , canvas tents , guard towers , and newly constructed plywood interrogation shacks with window-unit air conditioners .
The chain-link cells themselves do n't need air conditioning , since a comfortable Caribbean breeze ( temperatures range from the low 70s at night to the low 80s during the day ) continuously circulates through the encampment .
Restricted to an area about 150 yards away from the open-air cellblocks , we observe the camp from a slight elevation that CNN 's John Zarrella calls " Heartbreak Ridge , " so named " because if you 're a journalist , it breaks your heart that you ca n't get closer . "
Gitmo has actually been the site of a lot of heartbreak over the years .
It broke Christopher Columbus 's , when he stopped here on his second New World voyage .
He left after failing to find gold , threatening to cut off the tongues of his crew if they did n't agree to pretend they 'd reached Asia .
It also rankles Castro , who has wanted to throw us off the island for four decades , but ca n't because of a pre-Revolution lease agreement .
Likewise , when thousands of Cuban rafters were detained here for months in the mid-'90s , many grew so unhappy with Gitmo 's ghostly desolation that they 'd do anything to leave , including inject diesel fuel into their veins , drive tent stakes into their limbs , even swim back to Castro 's Cuba .
By comparison , the al Qaedans look pretty fat , if not happy .
They laze away in the shade of their cells .
They sleep on inch-and-a-half-thick isomats , the same ones that are issued to our military .
With the assistance of a Muslim Navy chaplain , they pray five times daily .
( Quick studies , the al Qaedans did n't need arrows painted on their cell floors .
A single signpost next to an American flag points the way to Mecca . )
And while American prisoners in the Hanoi Hilton often spent years in solitary confinement and received no medical care ( John McCain to this day ca n't comb his own hair ) , X-Ray detainees get daily sick calls from all manner of doctors , from optometrists to podiatrists .
The prisoners ( who represent about 25 different nationalities but mostly are Saudis ) can also freely chat with each other about God knows what : prison uprisings , the demise of Talk magazine , trades of Froot Loops for garlic bagel chips .
Their restroom arrangements are pretty spartan .
They get a white bucket for emergency squirts , while they are instructed to hold two fingers up for the alternative .
At that time , a guard shackles them and takes them to the port-o-loo .
While the military has spared no expense in construction costs ( in three weeks , they built a completely operational field hospital staffed by 160 medical personnel -- two more than there are prisoners ) , they 've saved a fortune in toilet paper .
It 's the detainees ' cultural preference not to use any .
" We do n't shake their hands , " says one camp guard .
In addition to the aforementioned amenities , detainees also receive two towels , a Koran , a shortened toothbrush ( still long enough to file into a shiv ) , a canteen , a bucket of water , fluoride toothpaste , and shampoo .
Not just any shampoo , but " Lively " salon anti-dandruff shampoo -- a " luxurious shampoo in a gentle formula that restores moisture , shine , and body to your beautifully clean hair . "
Those who think the prisoners are getting coddled ( Rep. John Mica , a Florida Republican , visited the camp and said it 's " too good for the bastards " ) will be happy to know that the shampoo is not jojoba-enriched .
WHILE public affairs officers these days are going to great lengths to talk about how docile the prisoners are , detainees have been reported biting a guard , spitting , and threatening to kill Americans .
When I skirt away from my minders and visit the Marine snipers ' tent , I learn it went well beyond that .
The snipers , of course , are the camp 's deadliest sharpshooters , ropy young bucks ( 21-23 years of age ) who seem largely culled from the western or southern United States , where firearms are often regarded as extra appendages .
Their tent looks like a Marines-issued college dorm room : Skoal-juice bottles , laundry hanging everywhere , and a spade-like sniper insignia banner tacked to a tent wall .
If there is a prison uprising , it is these gentleman who will man the guard towers and introduce the rioters to their 72 black-eyed virgins .
At some point , that might become necessary , they tell me , as plotting is obviously afoot .
Sgt. Matt Lampert of Montana says the other day one of the prisoners was caught " with a piece of cloth stuffed with rocks that was tied off at the end . "
Sgt. Rodney Davis says that during chowtime , he sees them through his scope " making terrain models out of their food . "
And unlike say , Afghan prisons , where starving detainees are reportedly begging to be sent to Gitmo , there 's plenty of food to play with .
" They get fed better than us , sir , " says Lampert .
When I ask the Marines if they 've seen anything weird , they laugh sheepishly , looking at each other .
Finally , Sgt. Josh Westbrook , who sports a forearm tattoo of flaming baby heads , steps up .
" They know they 're being watched , " he explains , " so they 'll stare at you , and while they stare at you , they 'll , uh , masturbate . "
According to these Marines , they do n't just pleasure themselves to freak out the snipers , but also to embarrass the female Army guards in the camp 's interior .
The weirdness does n't end there .
They 've also eaten their toiletries and urinated on equipment .
" The other day , " says Westbrook , " one of the guys tried to do a naked cartwheel . "
In the most bizarre twist , Lance Corporal Devin Klebaur says a few have also been known to " put toothpaste in their ass . "
" What 's the purpose ? " I ask .
" I 'm not sure , " he says , puzzled .
After leaving the snipers , I collar other grunts who say they believe the prisoners are more apt to act out whenever they see one of the regular visitors from the International Committee of the Red Cross enter the camp .
" They 're looking to be disciplined , " says one , so that any aggressive guard behavior will make it look as if they 're being brutalized by the American military in front of international witnesses .
ICRC visits , says another soldier , are the highlight of a prisoner 's day , since they 've been spotted " giving the unshackled prisoners cookies and milk , cigarettes , shaking their hands . "
Many organizations who have n't been to Gitmo , like Human Rights Watch , have been extremely critical of the prisoners ' treatment , while the ICRC has aired no complaints .
Still , says another soldier , " They 're a pain in the ass .
We see them offering them cookies , hugging them like they 're best buddies .
They 're undermining everything we 're trying to do . "
What we 're trying to do is n't exactly clear at this point .
We are certainly interrogating the prisoners , though base sources wo n't divulge any information that 's been gleaned .
The prisoners will likely be formally charged and tried , though when I called a senior Pentagon source to find out by whom and when , the source said , " If you find out , will you please tell me ? "
ON SUNDAY , Rumsfeld visits , and we hope for illumination .
Sitting on a bus on the tarmac , waiting for the secretary to emerge from his plane , we pass the time as journalists do , discussing the AP-style spelling of " bin Laden , " speculating whether the prisoners will get an Internet cafe ( one of them has asked for video games ) , and making fun of the fresh-meat Pentagon press corps , who are overdressed in heavy wools instead of our much cooler island linens .
One of Rumsfeld 's security agents mounts our bus , telling us the ground rules : no photos on the tarmac , no fighting , no hitting Rumsfeld in the head with a boom mike .
After Rumsfeld tours Camp X-Ray with four senators and the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , Richard Myers ( who is so overshadowed by the secretary 's rock star aura that one reporter has to ask who he is ) , Rumsfeld meets the press on Heartbreak Ridge .
He gives the sort of hooah performance that has endeared him to both the troops and the press .
While he remains as firm as ever that the detainees are " illegal combatants , " not " prisoners of war , " which would afford them more rights under the Geneva Convention , he nicely avoids plucking the only hair worth splitting -- whether the captives ' status is his call .
( Human rights hawks say the matter should be decided by a " competent tribunal , " whatever that is . )
Even if it is n't up to Rumsfeld , the argument seems rather academic .
It 's hard to imagine anyone who has actually read the Geneva Convention wanting to confer POW status on alleged al Qaeda members .
Doing so would not only make the terrorists eligible for repatriation to their home countries , but also would forbid their being punished for trying to escape , allow them to receive " scientific equipment " from home , and even confer upon them the right to dentures -- in case they lost their teeth while , say , biting a guard .
Most ludicrous , they would be afforded " advances of pay " in an amount " never ... inferior " to that which we pay our own armed forces .
If you 're a terrorist from Central Asia , it 's not a bad deal : Kill Americans , get arrested , then get a pay raise from America .
With all the global bellyaching about the detainees ' right to humane treatment , it 's hard to imagine them getting better treatment than they 're already receiving .
On my last day at Gitmo , all I have time to eat is a stale Ding Dong and a greasy plate of onion rings .
My public affairs keepers could n't care less .
By contrast , for breakfast and lunch alone , the prisoners are served oatmeal , an orange , peanut butter , margarine , a " culturally appropriate " halal meal , and a giant snack pack containing Froot Loops , raisins , a Nature Valley granola bar , baked garlic bagel chips , and Bullseye barbecue-seasoned sunflower kernels .
Still , the overseers of the prison are concerned that detainees are n't getting enough pita bread with their meals , and they 're planning to make the food spicier , just the way the prisoners like it back home .
While we wait , we journalists have to stand in the hot sun most of the day .
After hours , we are confined to our Consolidated Bachelor Quarters , sleeping four to a duplex room on cots , some without pillows or blankets .
We are n't even allowed to go the beach , a few hundred yards away from our building ( though , emboldened by the rum we imported from Puerto Rico , a colleague and I make a mad dash under a guard searchlight for the bathwater Caribbean anyway ) .
Besides drinking , our only entertainment is a pool table -- one cue is cracked , the other is missing its tip .
The prisoners , by contrast , get to read their Korans , while novels and more " religious books " are on the way .
At the end of their day , they get a good night 's sleep in a single cell .
At the end of our day , we are told that a C-141 ( the same plane that transported the detainees ) just became available , and we are prematurely hustled off so the military can dump us in Nowheresville , New Jersey , on a Sunday night after every rental car place in the state has closed .
Perhaps the international community is right .
The treatment being meted out at Guantanamo is inhumane .
To see for yourself , do n't bother canvassing Camp X-Ray prisoners .
Just get a Gitmo press pass .
START
Billions of investors ' dollars are pouring out of the nation 's junk-bond mutual funds , undermining a pillar of support in the already reeling junk market .
Last week alone , an eye-popping $ 1.6 billion flowed out of the junk funds , or nearly 5 % of their total assets , according to estimates by Dalbar Financial Services Inc .
a Boston research firm .
In the past two months the nation 's 88 junk funds have lost a total of about $ 6 billion -- more than 15 % of assets -- through sales or transfers of junk-fund shares , Dalbar says .
It made the estimates based on data collected from more than a dozen big junk funds .
Interviews with three major fund groups -- Fidelity Investments , Vanguard Group Inc .
and T. Rowe Price Associates Inc .
confirm the trend .
Their junk funds combined have had net outflows totaling nearly $ 500 million , or about 13 % of their junk fund assets , in the past two months .
Some fund managers say negative publicity has exacerbated investors ' concern about recent declines in junk-bond prices .
People have been seeing headline after headline after headline and saying : ` I ca n't take it anymore -- I 'm getting out , ' " says Kurt Brouwer of Brouwer & Janachowski , a San Francisco investment adviser .
The withdrawals could spell trouble for the $ 200 billion junk market .
If the heavy outflows continue , fund managers will face increasing pressure to sell off some of their junk to pay departing investors in the weeks ahead .
Such selling could erode prices of high-yield junk bonds , already weakened by a rash of corporate credit problems .
Mutual fund groups have n't lost control of much of the outgoing money , says Louis Harvey , Dalbar 's president .
Mutual fund officials say that investors have transferred most of it into their money market accounts , and to a lesser extent , government-bond funds .
So the impact on the $ 950 billion mutual fund industry as a whole probably will be slight .
But tremors are likely in the junk-bond market , which has helped to finance the takeover boom of recent years .
Mutual funds are the among the largest holders of junk , accounting for more than a quarter of the entire high-yield , high-risk market .
The 88 mutual funds investing solely in junk bonds hold assets of about $ 32 billion .
Other funds hold a smattering of junk bonds , too .
The $ 1.5 billion Fidelity High Income Fund has had a net outflow of about $ 150 million in the past two months .
About $ 60 million streamed out last week alone , double the level of the week following last month 's Campeau Corp .
credit squeeze .
About 98 % of the outflow was transferred to other Fidelity funds , says Neal Litvack , a Fidelity vice president , marketing , with most going into money market funds .
You get a news item , it hits , you have strong redemptions that day and for two days following -- then go back to normal , " says Mr. Litvack .
The fund , with a cash cushion of more than 10 % , has " met all the redemptions without having to sell one thing , " Mr. Litvack says .
He adds : " Our fund has had { positive } net sales every month for the last three years -- until this month .
Vanguard 's $ 1 billion High Yield Bond Portfolio has seen $ 161 million flow out since early September ; $ 14 million of that seeped out Friday Oct .
alone .
Still , two-thirds of the outflow has been steered into other Vanguard portfolios , says Brian Mattes , a vice president .
The fund now holds a cash position of about 15 % .
At the $ 932 million T. Rowe Price High Yield Fund , investors yanked out about $ 182 million in the past two months .
Those withdrawals , most of which were transferred to other T. Rowe Price funds , followed little change in the fund 's sales picture this year through August .
The last two months have been the whole ball game , " says Steven Norwitz , a vice president .
Junk-fund holders have barely broken even this year , as fat interest payments barely managed to offset declining prices .
Through Oct .
high-yield funds had an average 0.85 % total return ( the price change plus dividends on fund shares ) , according to Lipper Analytical Services Inc .
That 's even less than the 4.35 % total return of the Merrill Lynch High-Yield Index .
Fidelity 's junk fund has fallen 2.08 % this year through Oct .
Lipper says ; the Vanguard fund rose 1.84 % ; and the T. Rowe Price fund edged up 0.66 % .
People who remain in junk funds now could get hit again , some analysts and fund specialists say .
Many funds in recent weeks and months have been selling their highest-quality junk issues , such as RJR Nabisco , to raise cash to meet expected redemptions .
Funds might be forced to accept lower prices if they expand their selling to the securities of less-creditworthy borrowers .
And then , asset values of the funds could plunge more than they have so far .
Says Michael Hirsch , chief investment officer of Republic National Bank and manager of the FundTrust Group in New York : " It 's a time bomb just waiting to go off .
"
October 27 , 1998
Dear Name :
Join us for the " Sale of the Century " at JCC Auction '99 , on Saturday , November 13 , 1999 .
The 9th annual JCC Auction will benefit the numerous scholarship programs of the Jewish Community Center of Indianapolis , a United Way agency .
Because you are an organization that cares , you are invited once again to be an integral part of this fabulous event as a corporate sponsor for JCC Auction '99 .
We are so grateful for your generous contribution to last year's auction .
Your continued participation is very important to the JCC , as we work to build partnerships between businesses and our not-for-profit agency .
As a sponsor , you and your guests will have a special evening , knowing that your tax deductible contribution will help support preschool , childcare , senior and resettlement services , as well as quality cultural events in our community .
Enclosed is a corporate sponsorship package that includes a sample of your ad from last year 's auction book , current JCC market statistics and an overview of the many JCC programs that will be preserved and strengthened through your generous support .
One of us will call you to discuss how your company can continue to be an important , highly visible partner with the JCC in support of our scholarship programs .
If you have any questions , please feel free to call Myrna Weinberger at 251-9467 , ext .
Thank you in advance for your consideration .
Sincerely , Judy Laikin , Chair Auction '99 Sponsor Committee
My name is Bonnie Rindner and I was born in San Antonio , TX , and the story I 'm going to tell is about my mother .
Um , a little background first .
Her , let 's see , her mother 's family were wealthy people at one time .
They owned car dealerships and extensive land .
Um , I do n't know if they were farmers or not , but I know they were land owners , um , many acres and , um , her grandmother was raised in wealth .
Uh , then the Depression came and apparently everyone lost all their money .
Um , she was raised in MO , and she married a man , this is my grandmother I 'm talking about .
And they were very poor by this point , and they had , I think , seven children .
And one particular Christmas , things were very , very difficult .
There was no money to buy any presents at all , um , for the children , and my grandfather , who was killed when my mother was 16 , this was , of course , way before that , um , he must have been a very positive person because what he did with the situation was he , he told the children that there were no presents this Christmas because they had given them all to Santa to take the poor children and this made the children feel happy and proud of themselves and it gave them a good feeling that they had done something very nice for someone less fortunate than themselves .
Um , I felt like that was a way to face that situation with such hope and with joy and with love .
And although I never met my grandfather , I have never forgotten that story and when I hear of him I think what a wonderful , wonderful person he must have been .
And how long have you lived in Charlotte ?
Oh , I have lived in Charlotte , um , for a year .
Um , I lived in Charlotte for five years .
We came here in 1986 , we lived here for five years , then we moved to Raleigh for seven years and now we 've been back one year .
Well , good .
July 25,1997 Dear Name , What a Summer !
And we 're just getting started !
I hope you 'll consider continuing your support of Jameson 's special campers by renewing your last gift of $ xxx .
I can tell you we need your help now as much as ever before .
All of our Six summer camping sessions are booked to capacity ( and , truth be told , with maybe one our two extra returning campers squeezed in ) and we have a waiting list of 60 children who are hoping to come if a spot should open .
Many more camper referrals are coming from new organizations such as school social-workers and family counseling agencies .
It seems summer options are n't readily available for troubled kids whose families have limited incomes , so we 're doing all we can to make Jameson available .
That " we " includes the Youth Leadership teens .
These 60 or so campers have takenon a fund raiser with a goal of raising $ 16,000 for camperships .
Two of them told me yesterday that as a group they decided they had to earn the right to ask others for help by accomplishing something real to help themselves .
And that 's from kids many people see as a problem .
Even after the summer sessions come to a close , Jameson campers will take part in year-round programs designed to keep that positive contact with peers and role models alive and important .
We 've scheduled more than 15 follow-up camper weekends beginning in September and going around till next summers camping season .
Please , consider renewing your support of these great kids today .
Sincerely , Julie Marsh Executive Director P.S. We know our follow-up weekends are going to be better attended than ever this fall and winter .
If you can give a little more to help meet this increased expense we would appreciate your support .
Tehran , Oct 21 , IRNA -- Visiting Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez here Sunday underscored the need for coordinated efforts among members of the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries ( OPEC ) to keep oil prices at a 'fair ' level .
Speaking at a meeting with his Iranian counterpart President Mohammad Khatami , Chavez recalled the looming recession in world oil markets following the September 11 terrorist attacks on the U.S. , and remarked that cooperation among OPEC member states , particularly the Islamic Republic is a must to secure their interests .
He further called on non-OPEC oil producers to cooperate with the organization to alleviate existing concerns over falling oil prices .
President Khatami , for his part , highlighted a collective quest by OPEC member states to stabilize oil prices at a reasonable level .
He reiterated OPEC 's concern to ensure the interests of producers and consumers , and pledged for cooperation among the members of the organization to protect producers ' interests and bring price stability to world oil markets .
Elsewhere in his remarks , Khatami lashed out at the recent US-led attacks on Afghanistan , and voiced Iran 's displeasure with developments in the war-ravaged country .
He reiterated the need to set up a coalition government in Afghanistan comprising all Afghan groups to reinforce stability .
Khatami and Chavez agreed that 'Dialogue Among Civilizations ' could serve to mitigate clashes of civilizations and would also ensure a durable peace .
Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez whose country holds the rotating chairmanship of OPEC arrived at Tehran Sunday from Riyadh , Saudi Arabia , for talks with President Khatami on oil related issues .
He is scheduled to leave Tehran Sunday evening for Moscow to follow up his deliberations on the same subject with Russia as one of the most important non-OPEC oil producing countries .
The Venezuelan president has been embarked on a tour of several European and African countries including Austria , Libya and Algeria in his efforts to garner support to prop up oil prices .
Belgian premier says EU leaders will discuss American strikes at summit
The carrying out of the operations in Afghanistan and their mistakes have caused unease in the ruling majority 's ranks in Belgium .
Some senators spoke about this on Mise au Point [ programme ] on the television .
The PRL [ Liberal Reform Party ] and the PSC [ Christian Social Party ] opposition party continue to support the strikes but criticize the fact that the humanitarian operations are taking place alongside them .
Ecolo and Agalev [ ecologist parties ] are asking for the ending of the bombing of Afghanistan .
For the PS [ Socialist Party ] , Senator Jean Cornil still supports them , while being increasingly critical .
Prime Minister Guy Verhofstadt has announced on Flemish television that Europe will discuss the American actions in Afghanistan next Friday [ 19 October ] in Gent [ northwest of Brussels ] during the informal [ EU ] heads of state and government summit .
France 's Chirac talks to Pakistan 's Musharraf
Paris , 28 December ( AFP ) : President Jacques Chirac urged a " de-escalation " between India and Pakistan during a telephone conversation on Friday [ 28 December ] evening with Pakistani President Pervez Musharraf , the Elysee [ French presidency ] said .
The French head of state , who is spending the seasonal holiday at the Bregancon fort in the Var [ department ] , took the initiative of telephoning his Pakistani opposite number to convey " his very strong concern at the rising tension between India and Pakistan " , the same source said .
" Everything must be done by everyone to bring about de-escalation , " Mr Chirac added .
He stressed that " the present cycle will lead to a dangerous situation " .
Washington , February 11 ( XINHUA ) -- US Senate Majority leader Tom Daschle criticized on Monday President George W. Bush for his remarks that described Iran , Iraq and the Democratic People 's Republic of Korea ( DPRK ) as " axis of evil " .
In an interview on PBS ' " The NewsHour with Jim Lehrer , " Daschle said Bush 's remarks were wrong .
" I think we 've got to be very careful with the rhetoric of that kind , " he said .
Daschle 's criticism was the first from a leading Democrat since Bush delivered his State of the Union address to Congress in which he used the word of " axis of evil " to label Iran , Iraq and the DPRK .
Bush 's description of Iran , Iraq and DPRK as " axis of evil " has courted strong criticism from the three countries as well as some of its allies .
But Daschle also saw the three countries as threats to the United States , saying that Bush was " right in calling attention to the danger they pose to the United States . "
" I think that it 's important for us to look at each of these countries as threats to this country clearly , as problems that we ' ve got to address clearly " , he said .
Beijing , March 31 ( XINHUA ) -- Chinese Foreign Minister Tang Jiaxuan Sunday urged immediate withdrawal of Israeli troops from Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat 's residence and called for Arafat 's personal safety to be ensured .
Meanwhile , China opposes and condemns the recent violent activities in Israeli territory , and China expresses condolence , sympathy and solicitude to the family members of the victims , said Tang .
Tang made the remarks in a phone conversation with Israeli Deputy Prime Minister and Foreign Minister Shimon Peres .
Tang said that the abrupt escalation of the conflict between Israel and Palestine has caused huge casualties and property losses , and Arafat 's personal safety was severely endangered .
The Chinese government is deeply concerned about the sudden deterioration in the Middle East situation , Tang said .
Arafat , as leader of the Palestinian people and one of the initiators of peace talks between Israel and Palestine , has made great efforts to push forward the Middle East peace process , Tang said , stressing that disastrous consequences would happen to the Middle East region if unexpected incidents took place to Arafat 's safety .
Tang expressed his hope that Israel will implement Resolution 1402 of the United Nations Security Council unconditionally , withdraw its troops completely from Palestinian areas and solve the problems through peaceful means .
Tang asked Israel to do so in order to serve the overall requirement of security and stability in the Middle East as well as Israel 's own long-term interest .
The pressing matter of the moment is that Israel and Palestine should both exercise maximum restraint and adopt concrete measures to stop the conflict immediately and create conditions for resumption of the peace talks , Tang said .
Peres briefed Tang on the latest development of the conflict between the two sides .
In response to Tang 's enquiry , he expressed that Israel is willing to promise to the international community that Israel will not threaten Arafat 's personal safety and will not destroy the Palestine National Authority .
Contact was made on Saturday between outer space and the Free State city of Bloemfontein when President Thabo Mbeki spoke to Africa 's first astronaut Mark Shuttleworth , aboard the International Space Station .
Speaking via a live satellite link from Bloemfontein , the president praised the so-called " Afronaut " for his contribution to science and Africa 's renaissance .
" Yes ambassador , how are you ? " Mbeki started the 10-minute conversation , broadcast live at the Free State rugby stadium .
Shuttleworth described his journey so far as very exciting , saying the flight had been smooth and everything was going according to plan .
" I have had moments of terror and moments of sheer exhilaration , " he proclaimed .
" I have never seen anything as beautiful as earth from space .
I can not imagine anything as beautiful as that. " The 28-year-old Internet millionaire said he was sleeping comfortably , and the food was not too bad either .
He showed the president an empty tin of what had contained his lunch - pork and potato .
" So far , we 've only come to try the Russian food , which was tasty .
I am sure the American food will be just as good , " Shuttleworth told the president .
He also reported that he had started setting up for several scientific experiments he was planning to do on board the ISS .
Mbeki expressed South Africa 's pride at Shuttleworth 's efforts , saying they would go a long way towards inspiring young people to take up subjects like engineering , mathematics and science .
Shuttleworth agreed that this was essential towards Africa 's rebirth .
He said he had seen the most magnificent sunset and sunrise over Africa , at which Mbeki asked him to bring pictures " so that we can know what we look like to you from up there " .
South Africans should be looking up smiling when he returns , Shuttleworth replied .
Shuttleworth also expressed his condolences to the family and friends of Safety and Security Minister Steve Tshwete , who died on Friday night , a message Mbeki undertook to convey .
The president then toasted Shuttleworth with a glass of champagne , saying : " I am sure this will go down in our history as one of those moments where we made quite a leap forward . "
Shuttleworth , accompanied by Russian flight commander Yury Gidzenko and Italian cosmonaut Roberto Vittori , reached the ISS at 0755 GMT , two days after blasting off from the Baikonur cosmodrome in Kazakhstan .
The world 's second space tourist , Shuttleworth was paying 20 million dollars for his 10-day journey into space , where he would carry out experiments into the HI virus which causes AIDS .
The team is to return to earth on May 5 .
Beijing has completed the afforestation of 4,000 hectares over the past six months , the municipal forestry bureau revealed yesterday .
" We planted trees mainly in the major five areas that are severely endangered by sandy wind , " said Cai Baojun , an official with the bureau in charge of forest planting .
The shifting dunes in Beijing 's suburbs and rural areas have been successfully controlled by green barriers of trees and grass , which have also helped upgrade the city 's forest proportion to 43 per cent , 23 percentage points higher than the nation 's metropolitan average .
A 200-metre belt of trees has been planted on each side of the Yongding , Chaobai , Dasha and Wenyu rivers , which was previously the city 's most desertificated land .
Forestry experts said dry weather and temperature fluctuations were the main cause of sandstorms .
The repeated breaching of the embankments of the Yongding and Chaobai rivers also resulted in the desertification of the land with heavy sand being deposited by floods .
By 2005 , 50 per cent of Beijing 's land , including both urban and rural areas , will have been covered with trees .
The green belts have helped protect the crops from sand , wind , drought and floods to guarantee grain production , Cai said .
Over the next 10 years , China will invest 6 billion yuan ( US $ 720 million ) to prevent sandstorms hitting Beijing , according to sources from the State Forestry Administration .
Private organizations are also being encouraged to help fight sandstorms , according to the administration 's vice-director Li Yucai .
Favourable taxation policies will also be given to people engaged in the transformation of desertificated land .
Beijing was struck by sandstorms several times this spring .
It is believed that sand from northern areas , especially the Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region , and floating dust from the city 's uncovered construction sites are the main causes .
Taipei , Oct. 8 ( CNA ) -- The United States military action in Afghanistan will help spur global investment sentiment by brushing aside many uncertain factors , Council for Economic Planning and Development ( CEPD ) Chairman Chen Po-chih said Monday .
Since the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks in New York and Washington , investors across the world have been mired in uncertainties , Chen said , adding that should the war against Afghanistan not spread too much , the impact on the global economy will be limited .
The CEPD head , however , pointed out that it is still too early to comment to what extent the war would affect the local economy now that it is impossible for it to regain momentum by the end of this year .
Wu Hui-lin , a researcher at Change Hua Institution for Economic Research , however , predicted that business conditions in the world market would rebound very robustly in the short term , as the new hi-tech war will not last long and " high-risks will bring about high investment returns . "
Wu said optimistically that " it is unnecessary to wait until next year for the recovery to take place " on the ground that " vast damage will produce opportunities for construction . "
Since the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks against the United States , countries across the world have been closely monitoring subsequent developments and have taken measures to cope with possible situations , Wu said , noting that short-term pains will eventually pass and everyday life will get back to normal soon .
Paratroopers return Chavez to power
Once again , events in Venezuela have drawn the close attention of the world 's media .
Hardly had observers even time to get used to the news that Hugo Chavez had lost his presidential post , and then he returned to power .
There were already several suppositions that Hugo Chavez may recover the position , but nobody could suppose the recovery would be so quick .
The ousted president was freed by paratroopers .
Chavez himself used to be in command of a paratrooper unit .
He has been patronizing his subordinates during his entire presidency and was finally rewarded for his support : the paratroopers helped him regain power .
Protesters , who ousted Hugo Chavez at the end of the previous week , failed to gain the support of the army .
The majority of the population , who was not delighted with Chavez , was not on their side as well .
Ordinary Venezuelans are even less happy with the generals and local oligarchic elite .
Indeed , it was clear since the very beginning that Pedro Carmona , who proclaimed himself interim president would care very little for improving ordinary people 's lives .
The planners committed one more mistake when they dissolved the National Assembly and Supreme Court right after the coup .
Carmona and other generals who participated in the coup are now being questioned by public prosecutors .
Hugo Chavez is not the formal president yet , as he had to resign under the pressure of the plotters .
Vice-president Diosdado Cabello , a Hugo Chavez supporter , is acting president as of now .
Hugo Chavez is very likely to be soon return to the post of president of Venezuela .
Chavez supporters say that no witch-hunting will follow and the opposition should not be afraid of persecution .
At the same , the Venezuela government declared that participants of the coup will be brought to trial .
Vice-president Diosdado Cabello believes that the Venezuelan coup was thoroughly planned beforehand .
He showed journalists proof of his statement : a president 's belt , a symbol of power that did not belong to Hugo Chavez .
The belt had been especially manufactured in Spain and was later left in the Miraflores presidential palace by the plotters .
Chavez says that he has learnt a lesson from the events , and he will be more attentive to the opposition 's opinion in the future .
It is hard to forecast the further development of the events in Venezuela .
Hugo Chavez managed to demonstrate astonishing political resistance .
There is no doubt that he will dismiss disloyal top officers from the army .
Venezuelan paratroopers are evidently to profit from the situation .
As for ordinary Venezuelans , they seem to be slightly anxious about the struggle for the presidential post .
Neither supporters nor opponents of Chavez could be seen in the streets during the days of the coup .
What reforms will be initiated by Hugo Chavez next ?
Time will tell if the president has really learnt a lesson from the situation .
This has n't been Kellogg Co. 's year .
The oat-bran craze has cost the world 's largest cereal maker market share .
The company 's president quit suddenly .
And now Kellogg is indefinitely suspending work on what was to be a $ 1 billion cereal plant .
The company said it was delaying construction because of current market conditions .
But the Memphis , Tenn .
facility was n't to begin turning out product until 1993 , so the decision may reveal a more pessimistic long-term outlook as well .
Kellogg , which has n't been as successful in capitalizing on the public 's health-oriented desire for oat bran as rival General Mills Inc .
has been losing share in the $ 6 billion ready-to-eat cereal market .
Kellogg 's current share is believed to be slightly under 40 % while General Mills ' share is about 27 % .
Led by its oat-based Cheerios line , General Mills has gained an estimated 2 % share so far this year , mostly at the expense of Kellogg .
Each share point is worth about $ 60 million in sales .
Analysts say much of Kellogg 's erosion has been in such core brands as Corn Flakes , Rice Krispies and Frosted Flakes , which represent nearly one-third of its sales volume .
Kellogg is so anxious to turn around Corn Flakes sales that it soon will begin selling boxes for as little as 99 cents , trade sources say .
Cheerios and Honey Nut Cheerios have eaten away sales normally going to Kellogg 's corn-based lines simply because they are made of oats , " says Merrill Lynch food analyst William Maguire .
They are not a happy group of people at Battle Creek right now .
Kellogg is based in Battle Creek , Mich .
a city that calls itself the breakfast capital of the world .
Another analyst , John C. Maxwell Jr .
of Wheat , First Securities in Richmond , Va .
recently went to a " sell " recommendation on Kellogg stock , which closed Friday at $ 71.75 , down 75 cents , in New York Stock Exchange composite trading .
I do n't think Kellogg can get back to 40 % this year , " he said .
Kellogg 's main problem is life style .
People are reading the boxes and deciding they want something that 's ` healthy ' for you -- oats , bran .
Mr. Maxwell said he would n't be surprised if , over the next two years or so , General Mills ' share increased to 30 % or more .
In announcing the plant delay , Kellogg Chairman William E. LaMothe said , " Cereal volume growth in the U.S. has not met our expectations for 1989 .
He said construction would n't resume until market conditions warrant it .
Kellogg indicated that it has room to grow without adding facilities .
The company has five other U.S. plants , including a modern facility at its Battle Creek headquarters known as Building 100 , which is to add bran-processing and rice-processing capacity next year .
General Mills , meanwhile , finds itself constrained from boosting sales further because its plants are operating at capacity .
A large plant in Covington , Ga .
is to come on line next year .
A Kellogg officer , who asked not to be named , said the Memphis project was " pulled in for a reconsideration of costs , " an indication that the ambitious plans might be scaled back in any future construction .
Initial cost estimates for the plant , which was to have been built in phases , ranged from $ 1 billion to $ 1.2 billion .
A company spokesman said it was " possible , but highly unlikely , " that the plant might never be built .
As we regain our leadership level where we have been , and as we continue to put new products into the marketplace and need additional capacity , we will look at resuming our involvement with our plan , " he said .
The new facility was to have been the world 's most advanced cereal manufacturing plant , and Kellogg 's largest construction project .
The company had retained the Fluor Daniel unit of Fluor Corp .
as general contractor .
But in recent weeks , construction-industry sources reported that early preparation work was slowing at the 185-acre site .
Subcontractors said they were told that equipment orders would be delayed .
Fluor Daniel already has reassigned most of its work crew , the sources said .
Last Friday 's announcement was the first official word that the project was in trouble and that the company 's plans for a surge in market share may have been overly optimistic .
Until recently , Kellogg had been telling its sales force and Wall Street that by 1992 it intended to achieve a 50 % share of market , measured in dollar volume .
Although he called current market conditions " highly competitive , " Mr. LaMothe , Kellogg 's chairman and chief executive officer , forecast an earnings increase for the full year .
Last year , the company earned $ 480.4 million , or $ 3.90 a share , on sales of $ 4.3 billion .
As expected , Kellogg reported lower third-quarter earnings .
Net fell 16 % to $ 123.1 million , or $ 1.02 a share , from $ 145.7 million , or $ 1.18 a share .
Sales rose 4.8 % to $ 1.20 billion from $ 1.14 billion .
The company had a one-time charge of $ 14.8 million in the latest quarter covering the disposition of certain assets .
The company would n't elaborate , citing competitive reasons .
Rumsfeld Defends U.S. Treatment of Detainees in Cuba
WASHINGTON , Jan. 22 - Frustrated by an international outcry over the American treatment of prisoners in Cuba , Secretary of Defense Donald H. Rumsfeld defended the United States ' conduct at length today and dismissed the criticism as breathless armchair hyperbole .
" I am telling you what I believe in every inch of my body to be the truth , and I have spent a lot of time on secure video with the people down there , " he told reporters , referring to the United States naval base at Guantanamo Bay , Cuba , where 158 prisoners from the war in Afghanistan are being jailed .
" I have n't found a single scrap of any kind of information that suggests that anyone has been treated anything other than humanely . "
Mr. Rumsfeld spoke in an unusual briefing that stretched over an hour in an attempt , he said , to " tap down some of this hyperbole . "
It was prompted by a rising tide of international criticism after the Defense Department released photographs over the weekend that showed some of the prisoners kneeling before their captors , their legs in shackles , their hands bound in manacles , their mouths covered by surgical masks and their eyes blinded by large goggles with black tape .
His comments came as criticism swelled from abroad .
Critics said the United States was using sensory deprivation and other psychological control techniques to weaken the prisoners so that interrogations would be more fruitful .
The International Committee of the Red Cross , in a rare break with its code of not publicly criticizing detaining governments , said the United States might have violated Geneva Convention rules against making a spectacle of prisoners by distributing the pictures , which were published worldwide .
Amnesty International sought access to the prisoners in Guantanamo and said they should be allowed to have lawyers .
" Keeping prisoners incommunicado , sensory deprivation , the use of unnecessary restraint and the humiliation of people through tactics such as shaving them are all classic techniques employed to break the spirit of individuals ahead of interrogation , " the organization said .
Several governments joined the chorus , saying the prisoners should be granted prisoner of war status under the Geneva Convention .
Such status would accord them the highest level of protections .
Javier Solana , the European Union foreign policy chief , said that despite the Sept. 11 atrocities , " changing our values and our way of life would be terrorism 's first victory . "
The Netherlands also urged Washington to recognize the detainees as prisoners of war , saying , " In the fight , we need to uphold our norms and values . "
While debate raged elsewhere , Britain and Spain supported the United States .
Prime Minister Tony Blair 's office said the three British prisoners at the detention center , called Camp X-Ray , " had no complaints about their treatment . "
Spanish Foreign Minister Josep Pique said the Spanish government " does not have the slightest doubt regarding the position of the U.S. government . "
The warden at Camp X-Ray , Col. Terry Carrico , said he was determined at all times to maintain what he called " positive control " over the prisoners .
Bill Nash , a retired Army major general and senior fellow at the Council on Foreign Relations , said this amounted to " imposing on them a psychological sense of isolation , domination and futility , and trying to establish the conditions by which you can then reward them for information , as oppose to punish them . "
Mr. Rumsfeld said it was " probably unfortunate " that the photographs were released , at least without an explanation .
He said the prisoners had been photographed in a holding area just before their restraints were removed and they were put in their cages .
" If you want to think the worst about things , you can , " he said .
But he argued that whenever prisoners , especially those who are dangerous and suicidal , are transported , it only makes sense to lock them in restraints .
" When they are being moved from place to place , will they be restrained in a way so that they are less likely to be able to kill an American soldier ?
You bet .
Is it inhumane to do that ?
No. Would it be stupid to do anything else ?
Yes . "
It is not clear why the United States has not officially designated the detainees as prisoners of war , especially since Mr. Rumsfeld said they are essentially being treated as such .
" They 're in legal limbo , " said Michael F. Noone , professor of military law at Catholic University .
" The United States has to get moving on screening these people and determining whether or not they 're P.O.W. 's .
There is no explanation for the delay . "
Mr. Rumsfeld said the Pentagon 's clear priority with the prisoners was to extract information from them to prevent future attacks .
" These people are committed terrorists , " he said .
" We are keeping them off the street and out of the airlines and out of nuclear power plants and out of ports across this country and across other countries . "
And yet , officials at Guantanamo have said that no interrogation has taken place on the base and that the prisoners do not have lawyers .
Asked what benefit the United States gets by not classifying the captives as prisoners of war , Mr. Rumsfeld said , " I do n't know enough of the legal technicalities to answer your question .
I know that the process of gathering the intelligence information has not been concluded . "
Mr. Rumsfeld said one of the complicating factors was that the Geneva Conventions give protection to prisoners from countries but not from terrorist organizations , like Al Qaeda , to which some of the prisoners apparently belong .
" To give standing under a Geneva Convention to a terrorist organization that 's not a country is something that I think some of the lawyers who did not drop out of law school as I did worry about as a precedent , " he said .
Officials have said the prisoners come from a range of countries , - Britain , Yemen , China , Saudi Arabia and Australia among them - and that has also complicated the legal picture .
In Los Angeles , a federal district judge questioned today whether he had the authority to consider a challenge to the detention of the prisoners in Cuba .
" I have grave doubts about whether I have jurisdiction , " said the judge , A. Howard Matz .
He spoke at a hearing on a petition filed on Sunday by a group of lawyers , clerics and professors who demand that the detainees be identified , taken before a court and told of the charges against them .
Officials bristle at US human rights report
Local authorities have expressed dissatisfaction - but not surprise - with regard to excerpts about Lebanon in the US State Department 's annual report on human rights , a copy of which has been delivered to the Foreign Ministry .
An official source who described the reaction on Tuesday said the criticism was an annual event and emphasized that it was not directed at human rights in Lebanon only , but covered several other countries in as well .
A copy of the report , which criticizes what it described as the weakening of the central government 's prerogatives , has been handed over by the deputy chief of mission at the US Embassy in Awkar , Carol Kalin , to the Foreign Ministry 's acting director-general , Naji Abi Assi .
The source said that the ministry would soon deliver copies of the report to the various ministries concerned , especially the Interior and Municipalities Ministry , prior to relaying its observations to the State Department in Washington .
The report was seen as discrediting Lebanon by portraying the country as being undemocratic or uncivilized and abusing human rights , the source added .
According to the source , the authorities ' dissatisfaction with the contents of the report has been conveyed to US Ambassador Vincent Battle , who returned from Washington on Saturday after participating in a conference of American envoys posted to Arab countries .
Each year , Lebanon sends an explanation to the State Department about the factors outside of the government 's control .
The source said the most serious point in the report was an observation that the judiciary was subjected to political pressure , but referring to it as being " independent in principle . "
The report 's reference to intelligence agents ' monitoring the activities of opposition politicians and tapping the phones of certain government leaders " is a serious matter and harms Lebanon 's image as a democratic country , " the source added .
On the other hand , the report praised the role played by the Lebanese press , describing it as containing daily criticism of the government and its practices .
SPENDING on information technology in Saudi Arabia is expected to reach over $ 5 billion by the year 2005 , according to Dr Mohamed Al-Amri , managing partner of the Dr Mohamed Al-Amri & amp ; amp ; Company , provider of auditing , accounting , tax services and IT consulting .
He said the bulk of this spending will be on software and services .
Saudi businesses today are looking into software applications that will help them retain their clients , expand their market reach and cut down of their operating costs , Dr Al-Amri said in a press statement issued Sunday to the Gazette .
He said that growth on Saudi Arabia s IT spending expected to rise by 34 percent in the next four years will bring Saudi-based businesses capabilities to compete on national and international markets .
According to Dr Al-Amri , the top priority of Saudi businesses these days is the application of customer relationship management ( CRM ) capabilities .
He said the Kingdom is now part of that increasing global spending on CRM , which is projected to hit the $ 10 billion mark by the year 2005 .
Dr Al-Amri said that the growth of Internet in the Kingdom , coupled with the thrust of national companies seeking regional exposure and global competitiveness , is pushing Saudi-based companies to develop web-based strategies for a wider market reach at manageable costs .
Software for e-business and e-CRM capabilities are now being applied by many Saudi companies .
Dr Mohamed Al-Amri & amp ; amp ; Company is the first local company , with Kingdom-wide offices , to become a certified e-CRM ACCPAC partner .
Worldwide revenues in the CRM services markets will increase to over $ 126.2 billion in 2004 .
The e-CRM is the use of technology to support customer interactions with little or no human intermediation from the business side .
It consists of the use of direct-to-customer channels , through mainly e-mail and the World Wide Web ( WWWW ) , along with other emerging technologies such as WAP .
For 10 days , the second Belgian astronaut will get to the International Space Station [ ISS ] on board the brand new Russian Soyuz TMA-1 space ship .
On Thursday [ 29 November ] the Belgian Government formally committed itself , vis-a-vis its Russian and European partners ( the European Space Agency [ ESA ] ) , to pay Frank De Winne 's ticket into space .
The highway to the stars is looking radiant for the Belgian " cosmonaut . "
The formal agreement regarding Frank De Winne 's flight with the Russians was signed in Brussels on Thursday by Charles Picque , the Minister for Science Policy , and his government commissioner Yvan Ylieff .
The document , a letter sent to both the ESA ( European Space Agency , to which Frank De Winne currently reports ) and the Russian Rosaviacosmos space agency , guaranteed the payment by Belgium of the expenses tied to this space trip .
So on 4 November 2002 , that is to say , in a little less than one year , the second Belgian to reach space will take off from the Baikonor cosmodrome in Kazakhstan on board a brand new Soyuz space ship : the TMA-1 .
It is a ship that is more modern and bigger than the current Soyuzes .
On it Frank De Winne will serve as the on-board engineer .
So he will be the second most qualified crew member on board , behind the on-board comander , who still needs to be appointed by the Russian space authorities .
This appointment is not expected for a few weeks .
So , if that should prove necessary , De Winne will be able to personally pilot the space ship .
This is a first on a " TMA , " which attests to the confidence the Russian and European partners have put in him .
An example ?
In Brussels on Wednesday [ 28 November ] , the French astronaut Claudie Haignere , who had just completed a flight in space together with the Russians that in every way was identical to the one scheduled for De Winne , could not find enough praise for our fellow citizen , with whom she trained for several months in Moscow .
" Frank worked at Star City with much intensity .
In several weeks , he learned the indispensable bases of the Russian language .
He is making appreciable efforts to meet the other foreign cosmonauts who are in training there and share his experiences .
His dynamism is an asset .
People there are really unanimous about him , " she told us .
" This assessment confirms us in our choices , " a delighted Ylieff said .
Some Particularly Financial Choices
As is known , Frank De Winne 's taxi flight lasting about 10 days comes with a price tax : some 600 million [ Belgian ] francs ( 15.5 million euros ) .
This is an amount that Belgian yesterday pledged to pay to Russia .
An initial segment of 2.5 million euros ( Frank 's training costs ) will reportedly be paid in the next few days .
Several avenues have been explored to collect the overall amount .
The latest , and also undoubtedly the most logical , is internal to the SSTC , the federal Scientific , Technical , and Cultural Services , which , in particular , manage the country 's space budgets .
The sum in question will come from the SSTC 's space budgets and be deducted in several years ( two or three ) .
The SSTC 's overall budget will not suffer from this .
Nor will the space sector 's in particular .
Cancellation Insurance
" Budgets will remain constant , " explained Eric Beka , the SSTC 's secretary general .
The sums obtained will result from the assignment of a portion of the space budget to this mission ( and its many related scientific fall-outs ) rather than to other optional programs .
In a word , De Winne 's ticket into space has been financed .
And his " parachute " too .
" Since there is no other Belgian astronaut at the ESA who is capable of replacing Frank De Winne for this mission if it suddenly proved impossible for him to carry it out , we are also expecting to take out 'travel insurance ' for our 'cosmonaut , ' " Yvan Ylieff also said .
" This should insure that we can recover the sums involved , that in the prospect of another space trip. " One million euros will be devoted to this " cancellation " insurance .
About 10 years ago , Dirk Frimout was the first Belgian astronaut to go into earth orbit .
That was with the US Atlantis shuttle .
In a few weeks the second Belgian to go up there will don a Russian cosmonaut 's space suit .
It will be a mission that will be rich in promises .
De Winne will thus qualify technically in space piloting .
He will become one of the best elements in the corps of European astronauts .
In addition , he will carry the projects of Belgian scientists and industrialists active in the space sector far .
As Picque emphasized , " for many years , each franc invested by Belgium in space has brought in three francs . "
Who said that space investments were not interesting ?
Tehran , Dec 9 , IRNA -- Tehran-based Islamic Human Rights Commission ( IHRC ) on Sunday expressed concern about return of the period in which force and weapon had the last say in international relations .
The IHRC said in a statement to mark December 10 , " international day for human rights " that the international community has formulated numerous documents to honor human rights after 50 years of bitter experience and the heavy losses that the humanity has suffered .
The statement said that several hundred documents have been signed to promote human rights and different cultures have put forward their outlooks about human rights and envisaged measures to stop violation of human rights .
The IHRC called for prohibition of discrimination , torture , arbitrary detention and honoring the human rights , political rights , the rights of associations , the women 's rights as well as the rights envisaged in the international declaration for human rights as recommended by the divine religions several centuries ago .
The statement regretted that provisions of the international declaration for human rights have not been materialized .
" The human communities have suffered heavy human losses in the course of devastating world wars and understood that any progress in human communities is dependent on honoring the human rights , " it said .
The IHRC said that the international conference against racism in Durban , South Africa August 31-September 7 , 2001 was a turning point in the international campaign to honor human rights .
The statement deplored the injustice against the Palestinian nation and violation of human rights of political activists , journalists , the religious minorities , the children and women in some parts of the world .
The IHRC said that all nations and religions condemned the September 11 terrorist attacks on New York and Washington .
The solidarity would bring about an international campaign to dry up the roots of terrorism and expand peace and security in the international community , but , certain countries resort to military power and embark on trampling upon human rights of civilians .
The statement urged the statesmen in different countries to heed the religious teachings calling for respect for human rights and said that no peace will be established without honoring human
Meanwhile , in another development , the Geneva-based United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights Mary Robinson called on Israel to stop bombing the Palestinian targets in the West Bank and Gaza Strip and allow in international monitors .
She denounced Israeli terrorist attacks against Palestinian activists , urging it to halt what she called targeted killing of Palestinians .
Mugabe victory leaves West in tatters
HARARE : Western countries were left frustrated and impotent after Robert Mugabe formally declared that he had overwhelmingly won Zimbabwe 's presidential election .
The extent to which Mugabe outmanoeuvred the west was made clear when southern African countries issued a surprise statement declaring the conduct of the election free and fair .
The move is almost certain to scupper any hope of the Commonwealth suspending Zimbabwe next week .
At the weekend the European Union , prodded by Britain , is planning to extend the range of sanctions against Zimbabwe , targeting more members of the leadership .
Earlier this year , the EU imposed a travel ban on Mugabe and 19 members of his regime and froze their overseas assets .
But there were no illusions in Britain or elsewhere in Europe that the measures will have any real leverage in Harare .
The Zimbabwe registrar-general , Tobaiwa Mudede , declared that Mugabe had won a fifth term in office after the results from all 120 constituencies were returned .
He said Mugabe had won 1,685,212 votes against 1,258,401 for challenger Morgan Tsvangirai , leader of the Movement for Democratic Change ( MDC ) .
" We foresaw electoral fraud but not daylight robbery , " Tsvangirai said .
" We find ourselves unable to endorse the purported election of President Robert Mugabe as Zimbabwe 's president in this election .
It 's the biggest election fraud I 've witnessed in my life . "
The MDC leader said the onus was on " the people " to lead the way , whether passively or not .
" We seek no confrontation with the state because that 's what they want .
But the people themselves have to decide what action to take , " he said .
In the Harare townships where people stood in line for two days to vote in the belief that they were consigning Mugabe to history , angry residents looked to Tsvangirai to confront the government .
" We need Tsvangirai to tell Mugabe he can not steal this election , " said Noel Gukuta , a youthful MDC voter .
" The soldiers have guns so we can not fight him but we can make sure he can not rule us .
We must strike , we must march , we must show that we are not goats . "
The country took the news of Mugabe 's victory with no great celebrations or protests .
The government , sensing murmurs about revolt , put the army on full alert , deployed troops in key townships and the police set up roadblocks on the main roads into Harare to stop and search vehicles for weapons .
The UK foreign secretary , Jack Straw , said : " For months the government of Zimbabwe has conducted a systematic campaign of violence and intimidation , designed to achieve an outcome - power at all costs . "
A senior state department official in Washington later said : " We 're considering further steps , given all the things that happened before and during the elections . "
Apart from the result , the main jolt yesterday was that election observers from South Africa , Nigeria and Namibia effectively endorsed the election .
" It is our considered view that the election was free and fair and reflects the wishes of the people of Zimbabwe , " Namibia 's observer team said in a statement , adding that the poll was " watertight , without room for rigging " .
The South African team described the election as " legitimate " while the Nigerian observers said they had seen nothing that threatened the integrity of the poll .
The Commonwealth trio to decide on action next week is made up of Australia , which will back suspension , the South African leader , Thabo Mbeki , and the Nigerian president , Olusegun Obasanjo .
In Zimbabwe the leadership of the congress of trade unions is considering calling a two-day general strike to test whether there would be popular support for a longer protest , and various civil rights groups are meeting today to discuss mass civil disobedience .
The MDC 's lawyers are also studying the possibility of legal action .
In the final results , Mugabe made a net gain of votes compared with the 2000 parliamentary election in every province in the country .
While there was evidence of vote tampering in some areas , most of the ballots dropped into the box with a cross by Mugabe 's name were not fraudulent .
There has been no criticism of the count .
" This is a runaway victory , " said the justice minister , Patrick Chinamasa .
" It was won on the issue of the land . "
Husbands and Wives
Chatterbox feels a little dense for not realizing sooner that the subtext ( and hence much of the appeal ) of a Hillary Clinton-Rudy Giuliani Senate race would be Wronged Wife vs. Neglectful Husband .
By running against Giuliani ( who has been reported in Vanity Fair to have a mistress -- he denies it -- and , by all accounts , has a sham marriage ) , the first lady could exact symbolic revenge on her philandering husband while advancing the fortunes of the Democratic party at the same time !
That 's almost enough for Chatterbox to jump on the Hillary for Senate bandwagon .
The media conventional wisdom is that Giuliani would make Hillary Clinton's marital problems a major campaign issue .
Giuliani makes Ken Starr look like a patsy , " cried Time this week .
But , er , would n't that be kind of a risky strategy , given his own problematic union ?
Many have already opined that the mayor is too vituperative , too much of a loner to practice the congenial , teamwork-oriented politics of the Senate ; other doubters have pointed to his hardhearted , uncaring social policies .
The last thing he needs is to draw more attention to these qualities in his personal life .
Giuliani 's estrangement from his wife , Donna Hanover , is made clear in an interview with Hanover that appears in today 's New York Times .
Hanover " would not say whether Giuliani would run for the Senate , whether she would like him to run for Senate , or whether she would campaign for him if he did .
But she did say in the interview , which was conducted before the recent frenzy of speculation about Hillary Rodham Clinton 's interest in the same New York Senate seat , that Mrs. Clinton is a 'very interesting ' person .
I think she 's dynamic , and I think she 's very smart , and she 's an amazing speaker , ' Ms. Hanover said .
And , for a punch line : " Ms .
Hanover 's press secretary , Joannie Danielides , said this week that Ms. Hanover had no comment on Mrs. Clinton 's potential Senate campaign .
Does she have any comment on whether Ms. Hanover plans to be Hillary Clinton 's campaign manager ?
Indis Index Update : NBC , in its Juanita Broaddrick broadcast last night , turned up an additional three witnesses who recall being told by Broaddrick in the late 1970s that Bill Clinton raped her .
This diminishes -- slightly -- the significance of Norma Kelsey 's possible motives in verifying parts of Broaddrick 's story .
One of the three is Kelsey's sister , whose motives can be similarly questioned ; the other two heard Broaddrick tell her story but did not see her bruised lip , as only Kelsey and Broaddrick 's husband claim to have .
However , Chatterbox notes that NBC , like every other responsible news organization that 's covered this story , reported that Norma Kelsey 's father 's killer was pardoned by Gov. Bill Clinton , and remains perplexed that the Journal editorial page wo n't .
Its Indis Index is today up to seven .
Timothy Noah and Jodi Kantor
Zimbabwe vote a test of patience
HARARE AND RUSHINGA , ZIMBABWE - Martha 's neighbors know her as a high-ranking district official of Zimbabwe 's ruling ZANU-PF Party , the woman who drills local children each Friday in the party doctrine .
But in her heart , the 38-year-old widow supports the opposition and keeps a Movement for Democratic Change ( MDC ) membership card hidden in a cooking pot .
" We just want someone who can give us food , hospitals , school fees .
A better life , " says Martha , explaining why she voted for MDC candidate Morgan Tsvangirai .
There are many Marthas here , people who marched to ZANU-PF anthems and cheered President Robert Mugabe at rallies , while secretly planning to vote for Mr. Tsvangirai .
" People pretend to be ZANU-PF because they are afraid .
They wear the T-shirts and go to the rallies , but inside , they do n't believe , " she says .
After months of fear and intimidation , Zimbabweans streamed to the polls this weekend in record numbers to cast their votes in the country 's first contested election since independence 22 years ago .
Many arrived at overburdened polling stations in the early hours of the morning and waited in the hot sun for the entire day without food .
" You see this tarred road and this grass ?
That was my bed , " says Janet , a Harare secretary , who waited for more than 27 hours at a polling station in the impoverished Harare suburb of Kuwadzana .
" I wanted to go home , but I have to vote , " she says .
" This is a crucial presidential election .
This is our future . "
Even as voters went to the polls over the weekend , the intimidation and attempts at rigging continued .
The government slashed the number of polling stations in urban areas where the MDC is favored , while boosting the number in rural ruling-party strongholds .
In Kuwadzana , there were seven polling stations for about 55,000 people .
Rural Bindura had 41 polling stations for a smaller number of people .
Now the country 's 5.6 million voters are waiting anxiously for the results of the poll to be announced , although the voting , which was supposed to end Sunday , may stretch on for days .
The question foremost in the minds of most Zimbabweans is whether attempts to rig the election through voter intimidation , last- minute election-law changes , and outright fraud have succeeded .
An increasing number of local election monitors and international observers say the vote rigging has been so thorough that hopes for a free election are dead .
" The main cheating took place long before election days , " says Brian Murphy of the Zimbabwe Citizens support group , an organization whose members spread around the country this weekend privately monitoring the elections .
Mr. Murphy points to the lack of independent voter education , the lack of any independent radio stations , and the ban on holding opposition rallies in many districts as just a few examples .
" This is not a fair election , " he says .
There is a deep faith here , however , in the power of democracy .
Edward Murchabaiw arrived at a Rushinga polling station at 6 a.m. in a wheelbarrow , his emaciated frame drowing in a faded blue suit-jacket .
Murchabaiw , diagnosed in the last stages of AIDS , does not believe he will live to see the results of this election .
But he wanted to sound his voice .
" I am happy now , " he says with a bright smile after voting .
" I have made a difference . "
In urban areas , lines snaked for more than a mile and angry voters sometimes tried to push their way into polling booths .
Police fired tear gas and rubber bullets at one restless crowd , injuring at least 12 people .
Some polls stayed open all night , with people voting by flickering candlelight or under harsh fluorescent bulbs .
" The intention , of course , is that you frustrate as many voters as you can .
Mugabe is trying to move the goal posts to disenfranchise people , these people he thinks will vote against him , " said Tsvangirai , visiting one polling station where thousands waited angrily to cast their votes , waving their hands in the open-handed signal of the MDC .
In rural areas , many polling stations stood empty by midday .
Lines were not a problem , but transparency was .
The MDC says that 52 percent of its rural polling agents were chased away , abducted , or refused accreditation by government officials , leaving the voting process open to widespread abuse .
Old and illiterate voters were assisted by ZANU-PF officials who often directed them to vote for the incumbent president .
At the Chaparandza Primary School in the rural Rushinga , Mary Mugumira , wearing a wool " USA 1997 " hat , a long traditional dress , no shoes , and a confused look , asked the presiding officer to vote for her .
He refused , but sent her to talk to the election officers - both of whom represented the ruling ZANU-PF party .
A moment later she had decided , and the polling agent , smiling , put an " X " mark on the ballot in the space marked " Robert Mugabe , ZANU-PF . "
Despite everything , there is still hope in Zimbabwe that this election may bring change .
" I am happy because I finally got to vote , " says a jubilant Colin Chipepera , after waiting for more than 12 hours in one Harare voting line .
" I think this is the final nail on the government 's coffin .
Even with all their tricks , there are too many of us . "
Geneva , May 10 ( XINHUA ) -- The insurer Swiss Life has pulled the plug on its planned expansion in China , preferring to concentrate on its core European markets , according to a report by Swiss Radio International ( SRI ) .
The company said on Friday it had already closed its representative office in Guangzhou city , southern China , and was in the process of closing another in Beijing .
A spokeswoman said the insurer did not have a license to sell life insurance in China .
SRI reported that Swiss Life decided to pull out of the Chinese market earlier this year .
Last month , it announced it was cutting 800 jobs worldwide as part of a recovery plan .
The company ran into trouble after an expansion drive cut into profits .
The bottom line was also hit when management failed to rein in costs .
The report said that Chinese mainland was seen as a massive potential market for insurers , who should find it gradually easier to sell their products now that Beijing had joined the World Trade Organization .
The Chinese insurance market grew 40 percent in 2001 .
Blair not happy with new green deal
The British Prime Minister , Tony Blair , disagreed yesterday with Australia 's decision to sign a climate change deal with the United States .
The Federal Government denied that the agreement , signed this week , was a signal it was dumping the Kyoto Protocol on greenhouse gases .
The Australian-US " climate action partnership " involves liaison between governments , businesses and research bodies on climate change .
Critics say that on the one hand Australia is saying it does not want to dump Kyoto , yet on the other it is cosying up to the US - which does want to dump Kyoto .
Australia 's involvement in Kyoto has been in doubt ever since the US President , George Bush , announced last year that ratifying the protocol would hurt the US economy .
The future of the protocol , which sets targets for all countries in an attempt to cut pollution , will be decided this year at a meeting in Johannesburg .
A spokeswoman for the Environment Minister , David Kemp , said yesterday that the minister was on his way to talks with the European Union in Brussels after a formal visit to Washington , and that the Government was still committed to Kyoto .
The Opposition 's environment spokesman , Kelvin Thomson , said yesterday that Australia " should not follow the US position on climate change " .
Mr Blair told the ABC that greenhouse gases were an area where there was an obvious disagreement with the US .
Asked if the disagreement was also with Australia , Mr Blair said : " Yes .
But I simply say to people , it is for individual countries to state their own position . "
He was not sure the Kyoto Protocol actually went far enough .
" The more I read about climate change , the more concerned I become about this issue . "
On the issue whether the coup farce staged in Venezuela not long ago had an " American background , " the world media have made many reports , comments , and conjectures .
Although the White House and the Pentagon have denied supporting the oppositions in Venezuela to stage this coup , the world will not be easily fooled as it can judge from the several official statements made by the US Government both before and after the coup .
At the time when the abortive coup had just taken place , the United States " did not show the slightest sympathy , " still less " the least regret , " for the breaking-off of Venezuela 's democratic system .
Both the White House and the US State Department expressed " satisfaction " over the stepping-down of Hugo Chavez , Venezuela 's constitutional president , and no one " wept over him . "
Besides , they also claimed that Chavez " had only himself to blame " for the coup .
When Chavez resumed power , a senior US official in charge of national security commented that " Chavez should reflect on himself , " as " his ship has been sailing towards a wrong direction for far too long . "
As for the recent event in which Jose Bustani , director-general of the Organization for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons [ OPCW ] , was voted out of office at the organization 's special plenary session , there clearly existed an " American background . "
This special meeting was initiated by the United States , with only one single goal to fulfill , that is , instigating OPCW member states to vote out Bustani .
It has been reported that the United States had earlier held a secret meeting with a number of countries , promising to pay for their long due OPCW membership fees if they could vote according to the wish of the United States .
Why has the United States been picking on Chavez and Bustani all this time ?
After Chavez took office as Venezuelan president , he has pursued an independent foreign policy , and has been out of step with the United States in many areas .
During his visits to some OPEC member states in 2000 , he also paid a visit to Baghdad ; meanwhile , he has all along maintained a close relationship with Cuba .
All these are eyesores to the United States .
As for Bustani , he hoped that Baghdad could become a member of the OPCW so that the United Nations could conduct arms inspections in the country .
To the United States , what Bustani wanted to do was even more intolerable , as it would disrupt the US plan of launching a military strike against Iraq .
Even some major media in the United States have thoroughly unmasked the attitude taken by the US Government towards the cope farce in Venezuela .
They have pointed out : When will a " coup " not be called a " coup " ?
It will not be a " coup " so long as the United States thinks it is not !
According to New York Times , the United States is inclined to put friendly faces in the Presidential Palace of Latin American nations , no matter whether or not these faces are wearing army uniforms .
This reminds one of a witty remark made by US President Franklin Roosevelt in the old days .
When questioned by a reporter " why the United States has supported a certain cold-blooded dictator in Latin America , " Roosevelt gave a vivid reply : This dictator " may be a son of bitch , yet he is our ( the United States ) son of bitch . "
It turns out that in the dictionary used by the United States , the definition of a " democratic regime " is subjected to double standards .
In simpler terms , the interests of the United States are always above everything else , not only above the sovereignty of other nations , but also above the so-called values of " democracy " and " human rights " that the US always likes to dwell on .
Other than that , nothing will count .
The Annual Human Rights Report of the US State Department has been strongly criticized and condemned by many countries .
Though the report has been made public for 10 days , its contents , which are inaccurate and lacking good will , continue to be commented on by the world media .
Many countries in Asia , Europe , Africa , and Latin America have rejected the content of the US Human Rights Report , calling it a brazen distortion of the situation , a wrongful and illegitimate move , and an interference in the internal affairs of other countries .
Recently , the Information Office of the Chinese People 's Congress released a report on human rights in the United States in 2001 , criticizing violations of human rights there .
The report quoting data from the Christian Science Monitor , points out that the murder rate in the United States is 5.5 per 100,000 people .
In the United States , torture and pressure to confess crime is common .
Many people have been sentenced to death for crime they did not commit as a result of an unjust legal system .
More than 12 million children are living below the poverty line .
According to the report , one American woman is beaten every 15 seconds .
Evidence show that human rights violations in the United States have been ignored for many years .
These facts are well understood by the US Administration as human rights violations take place every day .
The United States has been preparing annual reports on human rights in 190 countries for 25 years while ignoring the real situation at home .
World analysts remarked that the US evaluation of the practice of human rights in other countries depends on the level of political relations between the United States and those countries .
This year , the US report devotes many pages to commenting on human rights in the Democratic People 's Republic of Korea and Iraq .
The US judgment of the practice of human rights depends on US interests as well .
The British News Agency Reuters remarked that in the 2000 human rights report , the United States criticized Egypt for trying suspected terrorists in military courts .
However , such a criticism is absent in the 2001 human rights report as the United States is planning to try the al-Qa'ida and Taliban detainees in military courts while refusing to grant them POW status .
It is clear that the United States pays no attention to fundamental human rights unless they serve its political purpose .
In light of the United States ' malicious goals , its Annual Human Rights Report for 2001 is facing strong protest and criticism from the world .
Many Americans have given evidence to prove the wrong judgment of their administration against human rights in other countries , especially in Vietnam .
The Washington Times last weekend carried an article by Andrew Welsdan , a representative of the US Fund for Reconciliation and Development , rejecting the report 's allegation of human rights in Vietnam .
The article stressed that people in Vietnam are free to practice any religion , whether they are buddhists , catholics , or protestants .
The Annual Human Rights Report released by the US State Department is not convincing as it is inaccurate and fabricated .
The Fall And Rise Of Hugo Chavez
In Venezuela , the dust is finally settling after the dramatic turbulence of the past two weeks .
President Hugo Chavez is once again at the helm of power , and the military has returned to its barracks .
But there are many grieving Venezuelans who are n't quite at peace .
Their loved ones were gunned down , first by sympathizers of Mr. Chavez and subsequently by supporters of the short-lived interim government .
Mr. Chavez was ousted in a military coup on April 12 after 17 persons were killed during an anti-Chavez protest , apparently by sharpshooters faithful to the president .
Pedro Carmona , a powerful businessman , stepped into power on Friday but was forced to resign the next day .
Following the coup , 40 persons , mostly Chavez supporters , were killed while protesting .
A probe of what transpired should be in the offing .
Mr. Chavez has placed his cronies in every democratic institution , from congress to the courts , and is expected to prevent any honest inquiry .
So far , Mr. Chavez appears complicit in the initial wave of killings .
According to taped radio conversations broadcast yesterday in Venezuela on radio and television , Mr. Chavez ordered tanks and troops to surround the presidential palace , as unarmed civilian protesters marched against him on April 11 .
The Chavez administration said it ordered the deployment to " prevent public order disturbances . "
Given the death toll , Mr. Chavez 's claims seem rather flimsy .
This is most unfortunate .
Venezuela is this hemisphere 's second-oldest democracy .
At a time when democracy is losing currency in many countries , particularly Argentina , coups could be potentially destabilizing to the region .
" We are happy to collectively have overcome the era of coup d'etats in the region , and when events in Venezuela took on the appearance of a military coup there was a reaction by everyone , " said Brazil 's President Fernando Henrique Cardoso .
Mr. Cardoso 's concerns are quite valid , but he has downplayed some of Mr. Chavez 's more alarming faults .
The Venezuelan leader has struck friendships with Cuban , Libyan and Iraqi leaders with great fanfare , and his open defiance of U.S. interests has wooed Venezuelans wary of U.S. power .
Indeed , after all the muscle-flexing , Mr. Chavez has little to offer the Venezuelan people .
He has choked off foreign investment by doubling the royalty payments oil companies must pay to the government and by restricting corporate ownership on some oil projects to 49 percent .
He has also alienated workers at his country 's state-owned oil company , Petroleos de Venezuela , by replacing long-serving professionals with his supporters .
In fact , Mr. Chavez consolidated his power by rewriting the country 's constitution in 1999 .
Interestingly , Mr. Chavez initially rose to power in the 1990s because of the discontent with former President Carlos Andres Perez , who had ordered the military to shoot at crowds in 1989 .
And , while only time will tell if he would voluntarily give up power when his term in 2006 , one thing is certain : A serious investigation of the massacre of April 2002 is certainly called for .
AMMAN -- A three-day workshop on money laundering started on Monday , with the participation of officials from several Arab banks , discussing the impact and size of this problem in the Middle East .
During the workshop , organised by the Union of Arab Banks ( UAB ) , participants will also review legislation Arab countries have introduced to combat this phenomenon as well as the ways and means by which money is laundered .
Participants will also explore the role of banking and financial institutions in combating money laundering and the American and European approaches to fighting this problem .
According to UAB Secretary General Fu'ad Shakir the size of money laundering worldwide ranges from 2 to 5 per cent of the world 's gross domestic product , which could run up to $ 1.5 trillion .
He said that banks , real estate , construction projects , stock markets , investing in losing companies and gambling are among the favourite targets for money launderers .
The source of this money includes drug trafficking , arms deals and prostitution which are the major sources of what has been termed as " dirty money . "
The process of money laundering starts with what has been termed as Placement , or injecting the dirty money into the market , followed by Layering , or removing all traces of the money laundered and finally Integration , where the money becomes " clean " .
Although interest in this issue started in the 1980 's , world attention on money laundering intensified following the Sept. 11 attacks in New York and Washington , Shakir , who was addressing the participants , said .
He said that Arab banks and financial institutions were targeted by the anti-terrorism campaign that followed the attacks .
" Our institutions are far away from this money laundering phenomenon and Arab governments have amended banking laws to combat money laundering , " Shakir said .
Jordan was among the Arab countries which introduced measures to fight this problem including tightening banking rules and imposing strict controls on money transfers .
Punishment for money laundering was also introduced , illegal money is confiscated and tough jail terms are given to violators .
Money launderers target countries with low risk of detection , soft tax systems and lenient banking regulations , Shakir said .
He said , according to international agencies which combat this phenomenon , statistically the United States ranks first in term of destination , origin and flows of laundered money .
In Europe , Italy and Russia top the list while China ranks first among Asian countries .
According to Shakir , money laundering in the Arab world is " very minimal " but he said that Lebanon and Egypt are classified by international agencies as among the countries that have not taken necessary measures to combat this problem .
July 30 , 1999
Dear Name :
Question What do you get in 987,165 hours with 291people in 15 locations ?
Answer 34,700 opportunities to change a life !
This is exactly what happened in 1997 when Community Centers of Indianapolis provided its comprehensive , neighborhood-based services to individuals and families all over Marion County .
And we can do even more in 1999 with your financial support !
Just look at the range of services we offer : 70,0001 career assistance for youth Preschool for young children School Age Child Care for and children and youth Access services such as emergency and holiday assistance for all ages Adult Day Care for seniors Senior Case Management Aids Education for youth and adults Senior Social Involvement Computer Training for youth , adults and seniors Senior Nutrition meal program Day Care for young children Social Development and Recreation for children , youth and adults .
HIPPY ( Home Instructional Program for Preschool Youngsters ) for families .
Stopover crises counseling for youth .
In Home Services for adults and seniors .
Transportation for youth and seniors
CCI is a federation of 13 neighborhood-based multi-service centers ( plus one affiliate ) whose mission is to identify and meet the human service needs of the greater Indianapolis community in the most effective , efficient and comprehensive way possible .
Better yet , most of these services occur in cooperation with private and public agencies from all over the city - CICOA The Access Network , Goodwill Industries , Indianapolis Housing Agency , City of Indianapolis , Indianapolis Private Industry Council , Family and Social Services administration , OTC , Indy Parks , and numerous community development corporations , neighborhood organizations , and churches , to name just a few .
More than 34,000 people benefited from our services in 1997 , and the final count for 1998 could be even higher .
We 're asking for a contribution in the amount of because you ca n't got a better bang for your buck than to support an organization that impacts so many lives in so many ways .
Your gift will enable CCI to provide these and other necessary services at a neighborhood level , face-to-face , where it counts .
Please , make a tax deductible gift to Community Centers of Indianapolis in 1999 , and know that COMPANY is playing an important part in meeting the needs of its community .
If you have any questions , please feel free to give us a call at 638-3360 .
We thank you for your consideration , and look forward to hearing from you .
Sincerely , Earline S. Moore President Valery De Long Director of Development
Welcome back to our show !
OK .
This is Maria , and I do n't know your last name .
Polk .
Oh that 's good .
From Polkton , Maria Polk .
OK .
And where did you grow up ?
Were you born in this area here ?
I was born in Cottonville .
Right outside of Norwood in Stanley County .
Oh , OK .
When you were little , did your mom read you books , or did somebody read you books in your house ?
My mama read to me and my sister .
Uh-huh .
What kind of books were your favorites ?
Do you remember any that were maybe a real favorite of yours ?
Mm , I kind of liked them all .
Um , I did n't really have a favorite .
No ?
Any particular types , like ones with pictures or .
Can you think of a story that they told you that you liked for them to read over and over ?
Um , I think my favorite was like , " Little Red Riding Hood ; " I loved that book .
Little Red Riding Hood " ?
So when you read to yourself did you read different stories than the ones they would read to you ?
Mmm , basically , something different .
Did you get to go to the library when you were little ?
Uh-huh , all the time .
Yeah .
So , you would check books out ?
Uh-huh .
Mostly , I liked to spend time reading encyclopedias --
Oh , really ?
when I was little .
You like to read encyclopedias .
In your family , do you remember if there was any storyteller ?
Well , my uncle was always telling stories and , uh , we had this house across the street from where I grew up that was old and he ever finished it .
He started it and he told stories that , um , um , men being in it that house at night and stuff and for us not to go outside at night .
Would he scare you ?
Yeah .
So we , at a certain time , we were scared to go over there because we 'd always go outside and look at the house across the street .
Um , did he tell stories to big groups of people , or just one-on-one ?
Just to our cousins and all of us that hung around each other all the time .
Uh-huh .
Now , do you have kids at your house ?
No .
Only , only on Sunday : my niece and nephew and my cousins .
Uh-huh .
Do you like to read to them ?
Do they bring their books over ?
I read to my niece .
She likes the pop-out books .
Uh-huh .
How old is she ?
She 's , ah six .
She likes the pictures that pop out at you .
She likes for me to read them to her .
Can she read to herself yet ?
Not yet , but she tries to .
Mostly , she just looks at the pictures .
Is she , what grade is she in ?
Do you know ?
She 's in kindergarten .
She 's in kindergarten ?
OK .
That 's pretty much all I need to know , about how you liked reading and things when you were little .
Is there anything else you 'd like to say about this , that comes to your mind ?
No , not so much .
LONDON , Jan 24 ( AFP ) -- British Foreign Secretary Jack Straw said Thursday [ 24 January ] it was " far preferable " that British prisoners held at the US Navy base at Guantanamo Bay in Cuba should face justice in Britain .
Three Britons are among 158 captured al-Qa'ida and Taliban fighters detained at the camp .
They were captured in Afghanistan during the US-led military campaign against the country 's now-crumbled hardline Taliban regime .
" It is far preferable if they are British citizens for them to come to the United Kingdom and face justice here , " Straw told BBC radio .
He was speaking after American John Walker Lindh , captured while fighting for the Taliban , arrived handcuffed and shackled at Dulles International Airport outside the US capital late Wednesday and was taken to a nearby jail .
He faces trial in his own country on charges of conspiring to kill US nationals and supporting terrorist groups .
The US military put on hold transfers of prisoners to the Cuba base Wednesday .
International criticism of conditions at the makeshift camp have grown since the first detainees were transferred from Afghanistan earlier this month .
The prisoners are being held at the temporary outdoor detention facility called " Camp X-Ray " where each has a separate cell with a concrete floor , wooden roof and chain-link walls .
Zambia hails result
LUSAKA -- Zambian President Levy Mwanawasa yesterday hailed the re-election of his Zimbabwean counterpart Robert Mugabe and called on defeated opponent Morgan Tsvangirai to accept the controversial result .
" I am pleased to learn of the re-election of President Robert Mugabe as president of Zimbabwe , " Mwanawasa said in a statement .
" As chairman of the Organisation of African Unity and president of a friendly neighbour , I congratulate President Mugabe on his re-election , " Mwanawasa said .
Three of the 10 losing presidential candidates in Zambia 's December 27 vote have petitioned the Supreme Court to nullify the results , charging that Mwanawasa won the election by fraud .
Vietnamese Minister of Science , Technology and Environment Chu Tuan Nha told the first Asia-Europe Meeting [ ASEM ] Environment Ministers ' Meeting [ ASEM EnMM ] in Beijing recently that Vietnam always values environmental protection , including prevention of pollution or degradation , bio-diversity protection , and improvement of the environment in industrial zones and in both urban and rural areas .
He said the Vietnamese Government has mobilized all resources and strengthened its international cooperation in addressing environmental issues .
He emphasized the importance of bilateral cooperation between the two continents in dealing with environmental issues , noting that this meeting will serve as a foundation for Asia and Europe 's future cooperation .
The Vietnamese Minister called for the establishment of a cooperation forum on the environment which will be held every two years within the Asia-Europe Environment Cooperation Program .
The forum will facilitate the exchange of dialogues on policy and of information and experts on the environment .
The ASEM EnMM concluded in Beijing on 17 January with the adoption of a Statement of the Presidium calling for an early implementation of the Kyoto Protocol as well as cooperation and dialogue between ASEM members .
Africa 's Grand Bargain
All was not lost in Zimbabwe 's rigged election last week .
Africa 's two richest and most powerful nations , South Africa and Nigeria , decided to punish Zimbabwe on Tuesday for a flawed presidential vote .
Their courageous stand will help renew a promise by leading industrialized nations to provide more aid , trade , and investment only if Africa shows better governance and democracy .
This grand bargain to uplift the world 's poorest continent would have been in jeopardy if Thabo Mbeki , south Africa 's president , and Olusegun Obasanjo , Nigeria 's president , had not agreed to suspend Zimbabwe from the 54-nation group of former British colonies known as the Commonwealth .
Their endorsement of yet another type of diplomatic isolation of Zimbabwe shows solidarity with the West .
The grand pact , known as the New Partnership for Africa 's Development , was initiated by the two leaders .
It is a model for all poverty-reducing efforts at this week 's UN conference on development aid being held in Mexico ( see opinion piece ) .
Without the rule of law and fair elections in Africa , no amount of aid can help it .
Mr. Mbeki may still hope that , despite his joining the West in criticizing Zimbabwean leader Robert Mugabe , he can work with his troubled neighbor to prevent more violence , keep the economy from collapsing , and find some political compromise .
Mbeki and other African leaders need to press Mr. Mugabe to stop his repression and to not take farmland from whites without just compensation .
Many of the continent 's other governments found little fault with the way Mugabe ran the election , despite overwhelming evidence of voter intimidation and manipulation of polls .
Zimbabwe 's opposition says it will only join Mugabe in a unity government if he agrees to a new , better-run election .
That 's a fair deal .
A strike this week by the country 's trade unions protesting the government 's tactics reflects widespread disgust with Mugabe .
But now that he 's cornered by the international community with many types of isolation - including opprobrium from two of his African peers - he has lashed out by charging opposition leader Morgan Tsvangirai with trying to kill him .
Such desperation by Mugabe should not be condoned by African leaders .
South Africa 's leader , Mbeki , who has been inclined toward " quiet diplomacy " with Zimbabwe , has now made himself heard .
His stature in Africa and his stand on Zimbabwe 's future bring hope for African economic renewal and greater democracy .
Military threat persists after events in Venezuela , Spanish daily says
It may or may not be to the liking of the Western foreign ministries which shared to some extent Washington 's pleasure at the ousting of Hugo Chavez , but the course of events in Venezuela has shown that he has the support of the majority of the population , who want him in the presidency , from which he was deposed and in which he was reinstalled by the military in a confused uprising ...
Criticisms of Chavez 's governance have been widespread in the democratic world , above all in the past year , in which he has taken to visiting dictators like Castro or Saddam Husayn and writing to terrorists like the famous Carlos , instead of meeting his promises of prosperity and fair shares .
Debatable decisions of his have caused a deep social polarization and brought him into confrontation with representative sectors of civil society , against which he used more demagogy than arguments .
But the latest events reveal that his popularity had not collapsed .
The coup misjudged its strength and Carmona remaining in power could have led to a serious division of the armed forces .
This possibility and the proliferation of expressions of support for the overthrown leader among the military officers made a change of course advisable , with the forced resignation of Carmona and the even more meteoric period in office of Chavez 's vice-president , Diosdado Cabello , who only took up the post in order to give his leader time to reappear .
All of this leaves in the air a feeling of military uncertainty , after a two-way trip in 24 hours which will undoubtedly leave deep wounds in armed forces which clearly have not given up their wish to exert a decisive influence in political life .
The civilian opposition , which in the absence of political parties was organized around the employers ' organization and the trade unions , does not come out of it well either .
But President Chavez too is seriously damaged by his links to the groups of armed followers who left a score of dead in Thursday 's ! [ 1 ! 1 April ] crushing of the demonstrations .
The today revived president will have to tackle the future with different methods .
It is time for the former officer to rethink , to set priorities , to understand that the Cuban model no longer works even for Havana , to give up , as he has promised , revanchism and to understand that Venezuela is a Western country where there is no reason for it to be impossible to improve the fate of the Venezuelans and eradicate the eternal scourge of corruption , within a framework comparable to that of the rest of the world .
All of which , incidentally , is something of which Chavez has done very little so far .
France : second ever mad cow disease case in northeast department discovered
Nancy , 13 August ( AFP ) : The second ever case of Bovine Spongiform Encephalopathy ( BSE , mad cow disease ) in Meurthe-et-Moselle [ department in northeast France ] was diagnosed on Monday [ 13 August ] , in Longuyon , in the north of the department , in a cow born in 1994 , the FDSEA [ Departmental Federation of Farmers ' Trade Unions ] announced in a statement .
The Charolais breed cow , was part of the GAEC ( Agricultural Cooperative Grouping ) Bruyeres herd in Longuyon , showed signs of the illness and was slaughtered .
The test , which was carried out in conformity with the rules for such cases , raised suspicions of BSE , which were later confirmed .
The herd is made up of 220 cattle which will have to be slaughtered , according to the rules .
The first BSE case [ in Meurthe-et-Moselle ] was discovered on 17 July in a Charolais bull , in the south of the department .
IZMIR , March 2 ( A.A ) - A total of 130 illegal immigrants were caught in western Izmir and northwestern Bolu provinces on Saturday .
Anti-smuggling teams in Izmir stopped two buses in Bornova town and captured 108 persons including 28 Turks who wanted to go to Germany , in the buses .
Acting on a tip-off , police stopped three buses in Aliaga town of Izmir and caught 91 persons including 28 Iranians , Iraqis , Afghans and Sri Lankas .
The persons wanted to escape abroad .
Meanwhile a ship was stopped by coast security guards offshore Aliaga .
The ship is believed to carry illegal immigrants .
A total of 31 Iranians and Iraqis were also captured in a minibus in Yenicaga town of northwestern Bolu province .
There were two children and one baby among the immigrants .
The immigrants had paid money to smugglers to go to Greece .
GABORONE Sept 17 Sapa SADC , USAID SIGN DEVELOPMENT AGREEMENTS
Executive secretary of the Southern African Development Community ( SADC ) Prega Ramsamy and the United States Agency for International Development ( USAID ) on Monday signed dollar-based agreements to up American aid to SADC in three areas .
In rand-terms , an additional R7,77-million was committed for drought relief to bring the total to R44-million ; R6,48-million to support the objective of achieving an integrated regional market in southern Africa , bringing the total committed to R189-million ; and R898560 in support of strengthening regional economies through non governmental organisations , bringing the total committed to the programme to R88,99-million .
The three programmes are virtually open ended , being topped up as projects finish and others are initiated .
" This signing sends a message to SADC of the importance with which the new US administration views regional integration in southern Africa , " US ambassador to Botswana John Lange , who is also the special representative of the US government to SADC , said .
" It is US policy to continue this type of cooperation . "
Ramsamy also condemned last Tuesday 's terror attacks in the United States .
" The SADC secretariat condemns unreservedly and in the strongest terms this act of terrorism , " he said .
Replying , Lange said : " The day September 11 , 2001 has become one of the worst days in American history .
" It was not only an attack on our global village , but the foundations of democracy .
We are grateful for the strong support expressed by the international community , particularly the SADC member states . "
Ramsamy also read a joint statement made on Thursday at the close of a meeting of SADC foreign and finance ministers in Blantyre , Malawi , labelling the terror attacks ghastly and barbaric .
" We learnt of the attacks with great shock and sorrow , " the ministers said .
" We strongly condemn this ghastly and barbaric act of terrorism and wanton destruction of property and the loss of innocent lives .
The people of the US are known for their strong sense of justice which will no doubt see them through this trying time and bring the culprits to book . "
The 14 members of SADC are : Angola , Botswana , Democratic Congo , Lesotho , Malawi , Mauritius , Mozambique , Namibia , Seychelles , South Africa , Swaziland , Tanzania , Zambia , Zimbabwe .
Kenya : Remand prisoners escape from police custody
Six prisoners facing a capital offence have escaped .
The prisoners charged with robbery with violence escaped from their cells at Molo [ Rift Valley Province ] Police Station .
Deputy Police Spokesman Dola Indidis said the escapees gained freedom after digging out a hole on the wall using a chisel .
Saying the prisoners escaped at 5.30 p.m .
[ local time ] yesterday , Indidis said police were investigating how they obtained the chisel .
He said police have been combing the area for the escapees but none of them had been re-arrested .
Indidis appealed to the public to assist the police with information that might lead to the re-arrest of the prisoners .
Venezuela 's new dawn
Venezuelans awoke on Friday to a country transformed by the dramatic and violent events of the last 24 hours , which left at least 11 people dead and more than 80 injured .
A general strike and an escalating oil industry stoppage that had threatened to cripple the country 's economy were no more - and the country not only had a new president , business leader Pedro Carmona , but a new name .
The country was no longer the Bolivarian Republic of Venezuela , in honour of South American independence hero Simon Bolivar , one of former president Hugo Chavez 's heroes .
Now it is simply the Republic of Venezuela .
The name change was Mr Carmona 's first act as head of the transition government .
His second was to announce the end of the three-day general strike he had called with the head of the Confederation of Venezuelan Workers ( CTV ) leader Carlos Ortega in support of protesting managers from state oil company PDVSA .
Shellshocked
Managers were striking because Mr Chavez had filled the company 's board of directors with his supporters .
Despite the announcement , traffic was lighter than a normal Friday and many Venezuelans did not turn up for work .
The country is in shellshock .
On Thursday a peaceful rally of more than 100,000 mainly middle class Venezuelans had ended in bloodshed .
As marchers called for Mr Chavez 's resignation outside Miraflores , the presidential palace , shots were fired into the crowd .
Eyewitness Euridice Ledesma said snipers fired on the marchers from rooftops near the palace .
Film footage also caught armed supporters of Mr Chavez firing indiscriminately at the marchers .
Later army chief , General Efrain Vasquez said some " Bolivarian " groups were indeed armed .
" It was horrible .
These groups were shooting at defenceless people , " said photographer Luis Gomez .
Chavez 's last day
At the time , Mr Chavez was addressing the nation to assure them his government respected people 's right to demonstrate and freedom of the press .
Moments later he announced that he had taken five national television channels off the air for " telling lies about the government " .
The shootings were the final straw for the military .
A succession of officers filled the TV screens to say they supported the people and that the killings were " not tolerable " .
As tanks surrounded Miraflores , Mr Chavez was holed up with senior military officers in a bid to save his presidency .
In the early hours of the morning , chief of the armed forces General Lucas Rincon held a brief news conference to say Mr Chavez 's resignation had been demanded and accepted .
Earlier his wife , Marisabel , and children had left Caracas in the cover of darkness on a PDVSA jet for Barquisimeto in western Venezuela .
Mr Chavez is currently detained at Fuerte Tiuna army base in Caracas and could face possible charges for his role in the killings .
News of Mr Chavez 's resignation caused hundreds of flag-waving and whistle-blowing Venezuelans to surround the city 's air force base , La Carlota , in the hope of seeing Mr Chavez ' departure from the country .
Mr Chavez 's exit has left Venezuela with a power vacuum and no obvious long-term leader .
The challenge now is to heal the deep social divisions that exist within the country .
" I think people are happy because Chavez has fallen .
But there 's also a feeling of uncertainty about how the country 's obvious problems are going to be solved , " said Ms Ledesma .
Brazil hopes US will not interfere in greenhouse effect negotiations
Brasilia , 13 ( Agencia Brasil - ABr ) - President Fernando Henrique Cardoso said today that he does not believe the United States will interfere in international negotiations on controlling greenhouse gas emissions .
Cardoso also said he believes the US is committed to joining other nations in fighting the problem and will adopt domestic measures , although they have formally renounced the Kyoto Protocol .
Cardoso made his remarks as he sent congress a message calling for ratification of the Kyoto Protocol by Brazil and committing the country to reducing greenhouse emissions by 5.2 % by 2012 .
The world 's biggest sources of greenhouse gases are : United States 36 % , Russia 17.4 % , Japan 8.5 % , Germany 7.4 % , Great Britain 4.3 % , Canada 3.3 % , Italy 3.1 % , Poland 3 % and France 2.7 % .
Russia needs space tourists
If you want a holiday in space and have the means to pay for it , Russia offers you the trip of a lifetime .
Yuri Koptev , the director of the Russian Aerospace Agency , Rosaviakosmos , confirmed that Russia is looking for space tourists to visit the International Space Station ( ISS ) in October .
" There is a free place for the flight in October and we are looking for someone who would like to take it " , he declared .
At present , citizens from Poland , Japan and the United States are being tested by Rosaviakosmos .
Russia pioneered space tourism in April , 2001 , when the Californian millionaire Denis Tito was taken to the ISS for a ten-day space trip .
In April , 28-year-old South African millionaire Mark Shuttleworth will visit the station .
If keeping Arafat captive , under siege with the Palestinian people by the Israeli occupying forces , is an affront to Palestinian , Arab dignity , and International justice , it is also a powder keg that will at one point explode , devastating what remains of the Israeli security .
It is that same security that Sharon , the assassin , uses as an excuse to instigate struggles and wars , and promote instability .
He also pretends that he besieges Arafat because so far , he was unable to confront the Palestinian resistance .
It is only natural , with the guerilla operations successively occur , even inside the fortified settlements , that the world begins to wonder whether the accusations that Arafat was planning , and instructing attacks on Israeli targets despite his captivity , and the round-the-clock Israeli surveillance , were founded .
The only interpretation for these accusations is that Arafat has formidable supernatural powers that enable him to defend the rights of his homeland and people against the unlimited capabilities of the Israeli occupying forces equipped with all the mighty US weapon technology .
The failure of the US-made Israeli war machine to settle this unequal battle became clear in the farcical-yet-provocative , statements made by the Israeli minister of defense now present in Washington .
He has called for helping aggressive Israel to put a traitorous agent at the head of the Palestinian Authority , who could accept its terms to " assassinate ' the rights of Palestinians .
It is certain the Ben Eliezer 's hallucination is a mere expression of failure to persuade the world to accept the brutality of the occupying forces ' practices .
They even embody the bankrupt policy of Israeli criminal extremism and failure to gain legitimacy for its continuing occupation of the Palestinian territories .
Ben Eliezer 's raving coincided with the arrival of his assassin boss Sharon to Washington to take part in exerting pressures on the US administration , and persuade it that removing Arafat could bring about the Palestinian surrender , and halt violence as he calls it .
Sharon and Ben Eliezer never stopped to consider that no patriotic Palestinian could accept to serve as a substitute agent to Israel .
They , along with the extremist gang in the Israeli government , do not want to understand that Arafat symbolizes the Palestinian struggle .
With this attitude , Sharon 's government showed its true hostility for a leader and chairman elected by his people .
US peace Envoy Burns has expressed this after his meeting with president Mubarak .
He has declared that US contacts will continue with Arafat considering that he is the elected Palestinian chairman .
I do wish that Burns 's statements reflect a true position that signals a return of balance to the US position in dealing with the reality of Palestinian-Israeli struggle .
The time has come , gentlemen , for Sharon , the assassin , to realize that injustice can not last long .
The security of the Israelis depends on the Palestinians ' regaining their rights .
By besieging Arafat , Sharon has turned him into the " Mandela " of Arab struggle .
This foretells that the Israeli occupation 's claims will inevitably falls , no matter how long Sharon humiliates Arab dignity , relaying on the protection and support of Washington , which forgot all principles and role in defending justice , and international legitimacy .
US human rights report termed inaccurate
ISLAMABAD , March 5 : The government on Tuesday rejected the US State Department Report on human rights as " factually inaccurate and unwarranted " adding that it reflected tendency of some states to sit in judgment on others .
" The reports fails to acknowledge the important policy measures and initiatives by the government of Pakistan to promote and protect human rights , " said a statement issued by Foreign Office spokesman in which the report was termed as factually inaccurate and unwarranted .
It pointed out that all the goals set at an April 2000 human rights conference had been achieved , which it added had been ignored by the report .
Enlisting these initiatives , it recalled that these include promulgation of the Juvenile Justice System Ordinance , the establishment of a permanent commission on the status of women , police and jail reforms , national policy and plan of action for elimination of child labour and establishment of a fund for rehabilitation of working children .
The government , it added , has amended Pakistan Citizenship Act of 1951 to enable women of Pakistani descent to claim Pakistani nationality for their children born to foreign husbands .
A mass awareness campaign was launched as part of the observance of the Year 2000 as the year of Human Rights and Human Dignity , it added .
In addition , it said , Pakistan also ratified ILO Conventions 100 on equal remuneration and 182 on the elimination of worst forms of child labour .
It signed the Optional Protocols to Convention on the Rights of Child .
Recently the system of joint electorates has been introduced respecting the wishes of the minority communities , it said .
Despite these developments , the report states " the government 's human rights record remained poor . "
" This is unacceptable and a gross misstatement of the facts .
The government of Pakistan therefore , feels constrained to reject the assessment of the report about Pakistan , and the tendency of some states to sit in judgment over others . "
" The cause of human rights would be better served if all states , in a spirit of cooperation and understanding address the problems they face in promoting and protecting human rights , " it said .
[ First announcer ] Hugo Chavez was ousted today as a result of a coup d'etat .
Please pay attention to a commentary on this issue .
[ second announcer ] In a rare development , which reminds one of the American-backed coup d'etat by General Pinochet against the legally-elected President of Chile , Salvador Allende , in 1973 , the legally-elected President of Venezuela , Hugo Chavez , was ousted as a result of coordinated operations carried out by a number of army generals , as well as prominent industrialists , capitalists and forces acting as American agents .
Venezuela is one of the largest oil producers and exporters in the world .
It has vast natural resources and riches .
However , despite the passage of 170 years since its independence , it is one of the poorest countries in the world .
More than 80 per cent of its population live below the poverty line .
Indeed , that is the fate of many Latin and South American countries which have been living for decades under American-backed military regimes that oppressed their own peoples .
[ passage omitted : On developments in Venezuela after World War II ] As a result of developments in the 1990s , Hugo Chavez was elected in the free elections held in 1998 .
He gained the votes of the vast majority of voters and immediately declared that the aim of his government was to eliminate poverty and injustice and guarantee the independence of his country in the face of foreign interference .
Chavez 's policies were aimed at eliminating injustice and poverty in his country .
Thus he introduced reforms in the economic and commercial arenas , as well as in the oil [ industry ] .
As a result , industrialists and prominent capitalists , as well as defeated political forces acting as foreign agents and the military figures associated with them , became concerned about the situation .
Gradually , this led to the formation of a coalition .
Indeed , the officials of the Chavez government repeatedly said that foreign intelligence agencies were involved in the formation of that coalition .
As far as the issue of foreign policy was concerned , Chavez sought to preserve the independence of his country in the face of American pressure .
He pursued an independent policy .
One of the main objectives of his policies was to properly utilize Venezuela 's vast natural riches , namely oil .
In this way , he sought to implement his policy of eliminating poverty .
Moreover , Chavez 's foreign policies were contrary to American interests in Latin America , as well as in other parts of the world .
In Latin and South America , Hugo Chavez established close and friendly relations with Cuban President Fidel Castro and invited him to visit his country .
He also supported movements that opposed American intervention in the region , thereby infuriating Washington .
That was particularly because his policies enjoyed widespread support among regional countries .
Washington was concerned that the Chavez model might affect other [ Latin ] American countries .
Moreover , America also openly opposed Chavez 's policies of establishing friendly relations with certain countries that pursued independent regional and international policies .
Nevertheless , the most important reason for America 's concern was the issue of oil .
This issue is closely intertwined with America 's policies towards the Middle East .
Following Iran 's proposal on cutting off the supply of oil to countries that support Israel for one month , which was supported by some oil-exporting countries , there was an increasing probability that Venezuela would also support [ the proposal ] .
Therefore , the ouster of the Chavez government was an effective solution .
It also served the interests of the forces that opposed Chavez inside [ Venezuela ] .
Therefore , it seems that the coup d'etat in Venezuela should be assessed as a plot that was hatched for that purpose .
When is a war prisoner not a POW ?
When the U.S. brings Afghan detainees to Guantanamo Bay
It 's not going to be a country club , " said Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld last week , describing the new military detention camp at Guantanamo Bay , Cuba , and nobody ever expected it would be .
The 110 al-Qaeda and Taliban prisoners admitted to " Gitmo " by the end of last week are , said Rumsfeld , " the hardest of the hard core , " men who had killed " dozens and dozens of people . "
But though it may lack tennis courts and a putting green , the amenities are better than you 'd find in a cave at Tora Bora .
True , prisoners are now confined to 6-ft. by 8-ft. chain-link enclosures with concrete floors and tin roofs ( Rumsfeld thinks it 's " pejorative " to call them cages ) .
But relief will come ; in three months , the Pentagon hopes to replace the facility with something more permanent .
In the meantime , the prisoners at Camp X-Ray -- as the place has been called since the early 1990s when it housed Haitian refugees -- have been given thin green mats and blankets on which to sleep and pray , and are allowed to shower and exercise .
They are provided with a medical exam upon admission , and their diet ( is someone making a point about diversity here ? ) ranges from bagels and cream cheese to rice and beans -- all eaten with plastic utensils -- after which the prisoners may clean their teeth with specially shortened brushes .
( The caution makes sense ; in 2000 Mamdouh Salim , an al-Qaeda operative awaiting trial in New York City for his part in the 1998 embassy bombings , used a comb to stab a prison guard through the eye . )
So far , humanitarian groups have been muted in their criticism of the conditions at Guantanamo .
Last week a delegation from the International Committee of the Red Cross arrived to inspect the camp and offer private recommendations on its operation .
But in the European press , the prisoners ' lot has become a public issue of contention among those who demand that U.S. conduct be above suspicion .
Three detainees are said to have claimed to be British citizens .
Politicians and commentators in London are now clamoring that all held in Gitmo must be guaranteed treatment in accordance with international law .
The Daily Telegraph , a paper usually so conservative that it makes Pat Buchanan look vegetarian , warned Washington of the need to draw a " distinction between civilized society and the apocalyptic savagery of those who would destroy it . "
At the heart of the matter is a question of legality .
The Pentagon has resisted calling the detainees prisoners of war , preferring the terms unlawful combatants or battlefield detainees .
It 's easy to see why .
Under the Geneva Convention , those holding true POWs are bound to release them at the end of hostilities ; but that is the last thing the U.S. wants to do with men who may be al-Qaeda operatives .
Moreover , by convention ( though the law seems to be murky here ) POWs do n't need to tell their captors anything other than their name , rank , serial number and birthday .
But for Washington , the whole point of the detention is to conduct interrogations and thus head off new acts of terrorism .
The Geneva Convention does contemplate that some irregular forces captured in battle need not be considered POWs .
That may well apply to members of al-Qaeda , a free-floating band of terrorists .
But not all of those at Gitmo are al-Qaeda men .
Some -- the Pentagon wo n't say how many -- were members of the Taliban and presumably thought they were part of the Afghan army .
Are they POWs ?
Washington says no , because the Taliban had no clear chain of command and was not a legitimate government .
That may be so ; unfortunately , as Amnesty International has pointed out , under the Geneva Convention the Pentagon has no business making such a determination .
Those who fall into the enemy 's hands are entitled to POW status until a " competent tribunal " has determined their status .
In the case of those in Cuba , that has n't happened .
More curious still is the matter of the prisoners ' ultimate fate .
Rumsfeld has laid out four options : a military trial , a trial in U.S. criminal courts , return to their home countries for prosecution , or continued detention " while additional intelligence is gathered . "
The last seems a distinct possibility ; the Pentagon plans to build 2,000 cells at Camp X-Ray .
" This will be a big deal down there for at least two years , guaranteed , " says Army Lieut .
General B.B. Bell , who commands Fort Hood , Texas , the base from which military police have been deployed to Cuba .
But it 's hard to find a justification for such detention in the Geneva Convention or anywhere else .
Leaving the prisoners " indefinitely beyond the reach of any legal regime , " said the Economist last week , " would put America -- pre-eminently a nation of laws -- itself outside the law . "
Until the Pentagon sorts out the legal issues , criticism from Europe is likely to grow .
Still , things could be worse .
The prisoners may be in Cuba , but nobody has yet forced them to listen to Fidel Castro 's long-winded speeches .
Now that really would be cruel .
Seoul , Nov. 19 ( Yonhap ) -- The recent settlement of details regarding the Kyoto Protocol is putting local exporters on alert .
The Kyoto Protocol was made by members of the United Nations Framework Convention for Climate Change at its seventh session held in Marrakech , Morocco at the start of the month .
If the protocol , which prescribes an obligatory reduction of greenhouse gases , is put into effect , the nation 's export will be heavily damaged .
The Kyoto Protocol is an agreement to get 30 leading industrialized countries such as Japan and members of the European Union ( EU ) to lessen greenhouse gas emissions by amounts as high as 95 percent of levels in the 1990 's .
The government and business circle expect the nation 's exports to be damaged in direct and indirect ways from 2008 , when advanced nations will begin to be regulated by the protocol .
The reason is that South Korea 's industrial structure depends heavily on the export of products including not only durable appliances such as air conditioner but also automobiles all of which should meet intensified environmental standards before they can be shipped overseas under the Protocol .
Also , advanced nations are likely to make use of the standards as a new trade barrier .
Moreover , the pressures from advanced countries to get South Korea to cut its greenhouse gas emissions is expected to strengthen .
South Korea ranked ninth on a list of the largest greenhouse gas producers , and Korea 's per-capita emissions were also close to those of advanced countries .
Under this situation , the nation can not possibly avoid pressures to match the cuts of advanced nations .
In particular , Japan and European countries are likely to persuade developing countries including South Korea to take part in the reduction of greenhouse gases earlier than planned in an attempt to secure the United States ' ratification of the protocol .
The U.S. backed out of the agreement , saying its industries would be handicapped by stringent rules that developing countries could simply ignore .
Even though South Korea declared its intention to discuss its duty to cut down greenhouse gases from 2018 , there is little possibility that advanced nations will wait until then .
If things go on like this , the government must transform the current industrial structure into an environment-friendly one and minimize industries which use a host of energy such as petrochemicals and cement manufacturing .
The government will have to pour a lot of money into businesses to promote energy efficiency .
According to an April survey of 416 firms across the country conducted by the Korea Chamber of Commerce and Industry ( KCCI ) , 60 percent of total respondents said the United Nations Framework Convention for Climate Change will greatly influence local firms But only 28.4 percent replied that they are rushing to conform to the protocol 's requirements .
" The government should provide domestic firms real aid like tax reductions and environmental technology development rather than abstractly recommend domestic firms promote energy efficiency and lower energy consumption , " an industry source said .
Unless measures that comply with the Kyoto Protocol are mapped out early , the nation 's competitiveness in manufacturing sectors will weaken soon .
Osaka , Dec. 7 Kyodo -- A Japanese nongovernmental organization ( NGO ) in Kobe shipped relief goods such as blankets and sweaters to Afghan refugees at refugee camps in Pakistan on Friday to help them endure the severe winter weather .
Packages of the relief goods , collected by the Asia Africa Cooperation Environment Center ( ACEC ) , went through customs in Osaka .
They will be shipped to Islamabad on Tuesday from Narita airport , east of Tokyo , ACEC officials said .
At the request of the Red Crescent Society of Pakistan , ACEC has called for donations of relief goods on its Web site since early November .
On Friday , ACEC shipped some 200 kilograms of the 50 tons of relief goods it has collected .
The rest of the goods will be shipped by sea early next year , the officials said .
ACEC is also calling for monetary donations because it needs more money to pay shipping costs , the officials said .
THE ABDUCTION of a French diplomat 's wife on Thursday has introduced a political dimension to the kidnap-for-ransom pestilence that has spread dramatically during the past 10 months .
The kidnap gang freed her and her driver within two hours of seizure .
No ransom was paid .
The abduction , however , delivered a more devastating blow on the capacity of the Macapagal administration to crack down on kidnap syndicates than the grim statistics trotted out by Teresita Ang-See , the Chinese-Filipino anti-crime " crusader , " who has relished the role of Cassandra to the Philippine National Police under the new administration .
Since 1992 when organized crime became a leading preoccupation in the national agenda , the main victims of the predatory syndicates have been Ang-See 's compatriots in the Chinese-Filipino community .
The conventional explanation is that because of their wealth , they are the logical prey from which to extract ransom money -- a perverse form of nationalist racism and redistribution of national wealth .
The Abu Sayyaf kidnapping of foreigners in Sipadan , Malaysia , and in Dos Palmas , Palawan , broke this ethnicity pattern .
But the seizure of the diplomat 's wife and her driver was the first time in 10 years that the gangs struck at members of the diplomatic community , whose immunity has been somehow respected by organized syndicates .
The seizure sent alarm bells ringing in the diplomatic community in this country .
The repercussions in the home governments and countries are as damaging as the prolonged hostage-taking by the Abu Sayyaf of French , German , Malaysian , Lebanese and Finnish nationals during the Estrada administration .
Then President Joseph Estrada had to cancel visits to Paris and other European capitals in 2000 after he was told that he would receive a hostile reception from the European public over the lengthy impasse of negotiations for the hostages ' release .
From my own sources in the diplomatic community , as well as in the Philippine National Police , the diplomat 's wife and her driver went to the French school in Bicutan at around 10 a.m. , in response to a call from school authorities who reported that her son had some accident .
On the way , a group of about six armed men in uniforms blocked her brand-new car ( which had no diplomatic plate ) at Better Living Subdivision , Paranaque , and boarded it .
The gang drove the car around the vicinity while they interrogated the victims for about two hours .
The hijackers asked them for money -- one million pesos was mentioned -- which she had supposedly withdrawn from the bank .
She told them she had not withdrawn such money and that she was the wife of a senior French diplomat .
The gunmen let her go .
The PNP , which believes it was a case of mistaken identity , could not explain why it took the gang two hours to know the identity of the lady .
After detaining them for about two hours , they drove her and the driver to a squatters ' area and dropped them off near the Bicutan exit , but not before they took her necklace and wallet .
They did not take her ring and other pieces of jewelry .
The gang fled with the car , and the victims took a tricycle home .
The details of the crime and the swift release are less important than the political implications .
Whether the incident was plain holdup , as the PNP would like to see it , the abduction reinforced the growing perception in the diplomatic community and foreign governments that there is a breakdown in law and order and that the Macapagal administration is not in control .
This perception is also fueled by the crime statistics of Ang-See , who represents the pessimistic outlook in contrast to the more dismissive outlook of the PNP whose statistics are less alarming than those of Ang-See .
While Ang-See 's statistics , derived mainly from non-official sources , paint a grim picture , they should not be ignored .
At the same time , the PNP ca n't be burying its head in the sand and offering explanations all the time , rather than check the rise of kidnappings .
Ang-See 's close collaboration with former PNP chief , now Sen. Panfilo Lacson , is an open secret .
Some administration officials wonder whether she paints doomsday scenarios just to embarrass the administration and to portray the contrast in performance between the PNP under Lacson and the current PNP leadership , which has no love lost with Lacson .
Since the members of the diplomatic community had previously been immune from the predatory attacks of the gang , the abduction of the diplomat 's wife naturally has generated anxieties among foreign governments about how safe their diplomats are in this country .
There is a strong perception in the diplomatic community that the abduction was a fake kidnap-for- ransom and was a political act to demonstrate the administration 's incapacity to put crime under control .
The reasoning behind this perception is that if the gangs were after ransom money , it did not matter whether their victims belonged to the diplomatic community .
The perception is that there was a political message in the abductions staged by some groups that are determined to make this government fail .
A number of embassies here , including the American , French , German and Japanese , have issued advisories to their nationals warning them of risks when travelling in some parts of the country .
The advisories have been prompted by domestic lawlessness and political turbulence rather than by a possible outbreak of insidious terrorist attacks associated with al-Qaida and Osama bin Laden and provoked by the American military action in Afghanistan .
At the rate syndicates are abducting targets -- regardless of their ethnic identity and their diplomatic status -- with impunity , the administration faces a more serious and direct challenge to its capacity to govern from the specter of lawlessness than from the daunting problem of sparking an economic recovery amid the global economic downturn .
We do n't need al-Qaida terrorist attacks in this country to bring the government down in turmoil , create uncertainties in the business community , and frighten tourists and investors away .
The diplomatic community 's perception of President Macapagal is that she is organized , knows her economics , does her homework , and has been unscathed by scandals that have been rubbed on her skin by a scandal-mongering opposition .
But the downside is that the deterioration of peace and order is her nemesis that is undoing all her diplomatic initiatives in the world stage to project the Philippines as a staunch ally in the US-led coalition in the war on international terrorism .
Some diplomats raise questions about her priorities .
They think she is travelling too much , while internal problems sap the country 's energy , and that she has misplaced strategic priorities in her overseas visits .
The fire is raging at home , these sources say , not in the United States , China , Japan or Afghanistan .
Her hoses have to be directed at internal terrorism .
She has more dangerous enemies at home than elsewhere .
U.S. Closely Monitoring Situation in Argentina
The Bush administration was closely monitoring the situation in Argentina where escalating economic crisis led to a wave of bloody street violence and looting , the White House said on Thursday .
" Argentina is a valued ally and friend , and the United States is monitoring developments in Argentina .
We are concerned about the events , " White House spokesman Ari Fleischer told reporters at a regular news briefing .
Argentine President Fernando De la Rua declared a national state of siege Wednesday night and ordered additional security forces into the streets to control violence that left at least six people dead and hundreds wounded or arrested .
It was Argentina 's worst unrest in a decade .
June 10 , 1997 Name Address City , ST Zip
Dear Mrs. Name ,
Confidence .
An understanding that , above anything else , success requires genuine effort , a willingness to set challenging goals .
Caring about others .
These are the attributes we want all children to have .
You help Jameson campers reach for them .
If these special children are to become the adults we all need them to be , we have to lead them in the right direction right now .
Jameson points the way for children who need that extra hand and I hope you 'll continue your support this year .
You 're last gift of $ 50.00 helped make it possible for us to provide guidance , encouragement and fun to nearly 400 Indianapolis area children .
And not just during the summer , but throughout the year .
What has your support of our campers meant to them and what have they been able to accomplish because you care ?
The best indicator I can give you of the positive effect our year-round contact has is the growth in and deeds of the Youth Leadership teens .
In just the past few years this program has grown from a few kids and a few extra activities to a team of almost 60 young adults taking on real projects .
YL teens will make J.C. juniors happen again this year for 7 and 8 year old campers .
A five day camp , J.C. juniors introduces at-risk children to Jameson two years earlier than we could previously reach them .
That means we now have the opportunity to be a stable , positive and important part of each child 's life for an entire decade .
The teens have also decided to raise money to provide camperships for other campers because they know what Jameson has meant to them .
And their activities are n't isolated to Jameson .
The teens have undertaken a volunteer project to regularly visit with sick children at a local hospital .
Please consider renewing your gift today .
The kids need your leadership now more than ever .
If you can increase your last donation , we would appreciate that show of support for the campers and their efforts to overcome obstacles and create successful lives .
Thank you again for helping point the way .
Sincerely , Julie Marsh , Executive Director P.S. You make it possible for us to help special kids with learning disabilities , behavior problems and economic disadvantages to gain the confidence required to put genuine effort into achieving real goals .
I hope you 'll continue -- and if possible increase - your support for these great kids .
With all the horrific news that has been coming out of the occupied territories recently and now the shocking swing to the extreme right in the French presidential elections with its threat to France 's ethic and religious minorities , virtually no attention has been paid to the reported discovery that two serving US Army officers were involved in the recent failed coup against Venezuela 's president Hugo Chavez .
The White House is said to be embarrassed by the report .
That must rank as the understatement of the year .
The story could have devastating consequence for the Bush administration .
A week ago , after Chavez had been reinstated by his supporters , the White House denied any role in the failed military coup , although it admitted that US officials had met Venezuelan opposition leaders beforehand .
But they had been told that Chavez , whose friendship with Libya , Iraq and Cuba has angered Washington , should only be replaced by legitimate , constitutional means ; the US would not support a coup .
The question now is : Did the White House lie ?
If it turns out to be true that the two US colonels were involved in the failed attempt , there can be no other conclusion .
The two colonels would not have been acting on their own .
They must have been under orders -- orders stretching all the way back to the Oval Office .
This spells serious trouble for Bush .
The whiff of scandal and conspiracy is in the air -- and the American media , ever addicted to conspiracy theories , is not going to let it go .
It -- and the opposition Democrats , still smarting at his election victory -- will dig for dirt as long it takes .
Even if it finally turns out that the two colonels were operating without the knowledge and approval of the White House , it will be a disaster for Bush .
Americans will want to know who exactly is running their country .
For the rest of the world , however , the story already confirms the suspicions that the Bush administration is hell-bent on eliminating its enemies by whatever means possible , legal or illegal .
The involvement of US military personnel in the putsch suggests a return to the old days when the CIA would organize coups and assassinations to further US interests .
The record is long and to Washington 's eternal discredit : the CIA 's attempts to kill Fidel Castro , its involvement in the coups in Guatemala in 1954 and in Chile in 1973 .
President Clinton had , it was thought , closed the book on such nefarious activities .
Apparently not .
The Clinton era turns out to have been merely an interlude .
Coup making might have been acceptable during the Cold War .
It certainly is not any more .
Chavez may be a petty-minded populist who had done great damage to his country 's economy ; but he is also the legitimately elected president of Venezuela .
Any US involvement in the attempt to remove him by force puts Washington firmly on the wrong side of international law .
What makes it all the worse at this particular point in time is that it makes a mockery of George Bush 's war against international terrorism .
The world , he says , has to be involved in the struggle against those who seek to attack and destroy law and order and legitimate government .
Yet he throws law , order and legitimacy to the wind when it suits him .
Norway should be in the forefront of combating climate problems .
The government wants to play an active role internationally but we should also work on reducing emissions here at home .
" The government wants to point to a significant reduction of climate gate emissions before 2005 after Norway has ratified the Kyoto Protocol in the course of the year , " Environmental Protection Minister Borge Brende has written .
Between now and 2008 , the government 's environmental initiative will be given concrete form in a report to the Storting this spring , in which an early quota system will occupy a central place .
Norway and the other rich countries have a moral responsibility to achieve real reductions .
Regardless of what Norway and other countries manage to do in this respect , we must prepare ourselves for climate changes .
According to the United Nations ' climate panel , in the next 10 to 20 years changes in the climate will be almost unaffected by what we do in the way of initiatives in the next few years to reduce emissions of climate gases .
The explanation is that the increased concentration of climate gases in the atmosphere and the slowness of the climate system will make a certain degree of global warming unavoidable .
In recent years the RegClim research project , under the aegis of the Norwegian Research Council , has worked to estimate the way the climate will develop in Norway in 30 to 50 years .
The main conclusions were that the trend toward warmer weather and more precipitation will presumably continue .
The climate changes will be different from region to region .
The western part of Norway will experience the markedly greatest increase in precipition in the fall .
North Norway will also get more precipitation in the fall but warmer temperatures in the winter .
In the eastern part of Norway the biggest increase in precipitation will be in the winter .
In coming years the winters will be less snowy but greener and wetter .
These extrapolations of the state of the climate are not completely reliable .
Even if we can say with great certainty that climate changes will come , we need more knowledge about the effects .
How must local societies organize themselves if a couple of hurricanes every year become normal ?
How should we prepare ourselves for more and bigger floods ?
What consequences will the increase in temperature have for raising livestock and fish ?
Will climate changes produce new types of pests that will create problems ?
For the next few years our goal is to both gain more knowledge and put together good preparedness strategies .
All the world 's countries and peoples are affected by climate changes but it is the poor countries that are being hit the hardest .
Even if developing countries have contributed to these climate problems to just a slight degree , they will nevertheless bear the greatest burden .
Norway and other industrialized countries , on the other hand , have fairly good prospects of grappling with climate changes because we have an economy to put necessary measures to work .
We must avoid seeing environmental problems increase the social differences in the world .
For that reason the rich countries-those making the climate worse-must go on the offensive to solve the problems we ourselves have created .
In the Sem statement the coalition government warned of a more offensive climate policy .
An offensive climate police will bring costs with it .
But if we do not make these expenditures now , the bill for the generations to come will be even bigger .
This our conscience ought not to permit us .
The challenge will be to introduce the most cost-effective climate policy possible and at the same time take Norwegian business and industry 's competitiveness into consideration .
The elements in a more offensive climate policy are : Initiatives between now and 2008 : The government wants to show demonstrable progress in the reduction of climate emissions by 2005 .
We are setting the stage for Norway to get national initiatives under way earlier than we are required to under the Kyoto Protocol .
The government 's policy statement states , among other things , that the establishment of a national quota system should be speeded up .
Implementation of the Kyoto Protocol .
The government wants to set the stage for Norway to ratify the Kyoto Protocol next year .
There is consensus that a broad quota system with international quota exchange should be used to achieve our emission responsibilities during the first obligatory period , 2008-2012 .
Pursue the international climate negotiations .
The consensus that has been achieved internationally about the period 2008-2012 is just the first step down the road .
For later periods , sharper reductions are necessary and there is also the need to get more countries to take on climate obligations .
Norway still wants to play an active role in this process .
The report to the Storting that the government is preparing for the spring will further specify which measures will be implemented between now and 2008 .
A proposal for an early quota system will be at the center of this report .
There exists the potential for significant reductions in climate gas emissions in Norway that will not produced with today 's resources .
The use of quotas will be a cost-effective means of achieving better results .
A quota is a right to emit a certain quantity of climate gases during a certain period and this right can be sold on a market .
The advantages are that the authorities can set a ceiling on all emissions .
Businesses that are obligated by a quota can then choose whether they want to buy those quotas they need or introduce measures to reduce emissions .
Many countries , among them Denmark , Great Britain , and Sweden , are already under way developing early quota systems .
In addition to being effective , an early quota system would also give business and industry useful experience before the international quota system following the Kyoto Protocol comes into effect in 2008 .
In the government 's work to put the quota system into shape in Norway , we are now discussing a number of problems .
Some of these are : The range-which gases and sectors should be included in the quota system , and how businesses exposed to competition should be dealt with .
Measures about emissions-how much all of those obligated by a quota can emit .
Fines for exceeding the quota limit .
The possibility of cooperating with other countries ' early quota systems .
I am pleased that there now seems to be broad political consensus that in Norway as well we should get under way with an early quota system .
Regardless of the shape of the measures in Norway , Norwegian businesses as well ought to contribute to reducing emissions in poor countries .
The green development mechanism under the Kyoto Protocol opens the way for businesses from industrialized countries to pay for the introduction of more environmentally-friendly technology in polluting industries in developing countries .
This mechanism can already be used-and before 2008 , too .
In addition to producing climate benefits , such measures will contribute to development and reduced local pollution in poor countries .
Norway is one of the countries in this world that has earned the most from fossil fuels .
This gives us a special responsibility in climate policy-not least vis-a-vis the poorest countries .
Tashkent , 18 March : Turkey will give 1.2m dollars in free assistance to servicemen in Uzbekistan .
Chief-of-Staff of the Turkish Armed Forces Huseyin Kivrikoglu arrived in Uzbekistan on Saturday [ 16 March ] at the invitation of Uzbek Defence Minister Kadyr Gulyamov , sources in the Turkish Embassy in Tashkent told Interfax .
START
Crane Co. said it holds an 8.9 % stake in Milton Roy Corp .
an analytical-instruments maker , and may seek control of the company .
Crane , a maker of engineered products for aerospace , construction , defense and other uses , made the disclosure in a Securities and Exchange Commission filing .
In the filing , Crane said that in the past it considered seeking control of Milton Roy , of St. Petersburg , Fla .
through a merger or tender offer and that it expects to continue to evaluate an acquisition from time to time .
Crane officials did n't return phone calls seeking comment .
Crane holds 504,200 Milton Roy shares , including 254,200 bought from Sept .
to Thursday for $ 15.50 to $ 16.75 each .
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading Friday , Milton Roy shares leaped $ 2 , to $ 18.375 each , while Crane sank $ 1.125 , to $ 21.125 a share .
John M. McNamara , chief financial officer of Milton Roy , said the company has no comment on Crane 's filing .
Milton Roy recently fended off unsolicited overtures from Thermo Electron Corp .
a Waltham , Mass .
maker of biomedical products .
Milton Roy disclosed in May that it was approached for a possible acquisition by Thermo Electron , which agreed to purchase Milton Roy 's liquid-chromatography line for $ 22 million in February .
Thermo Electron acquired some 6 % of Milton Roy 's common stock before throwing in the towel and reducing its stake in early September .
Gabelli Group began raising its Milton Roy stake in July , and holds 14.6 % , according to a recent SEC filing .
It has n't made merger overtures to the board .
Earlier this month , Milton Roy signed a letter of intent to acquire Automated Custom Systems Inc .
Orange , Calif .
and its sister operation , Environmental Testing Co. , in Aurora , Colo .
The companies are automotive-emissions-testing concerns .
Under the terms , Milton Roy will pay an initial $ 4 million for the operations and additional payments during the next four years based on the earnings performance of the businesses .
In the nine months , Milton Roy earned $ 6.6 million , or $ 1.18 a share , on sales of $ 94.3 million .
Moscow , 27 November : Russia intends to modernize and extend the service life of 11 power units in its nuclear power stations by 2005 .
This is one of the provisions of the federal programme Energy-Efficient Economy that covers the period from 2002 to 2005 and sets guidelines until 2010 , the Government Information Department reported on Tuesday [ 27 November ] .
The programme calls for the overhaul of nuclear power stations with a view to extending their safe and efficient operation , extending the service life of power units , resumption of the construction of power units and compiling a list of promising sites for future nuclear power stations .
Its other provisions include the overhaul and construction of new plants for making fuel elements and the overhaul of " wet " nuclear waste storage facilities .
In the next stage , 2006-2010 , the efficiency of existing nuclear power stations will be stepped up by increasing the utilization of current capacity , extending their service life and increasing capacity by using new-generation power units In 2005 , the capacity of all Russian nuclear power stations should total 25.24 GW .
It will increase by 3 GW in 2002-05 and by 4.81 GW in 2006-10 to 30.05 GW .
When nuclear power stations account for nearly 20 per cent of total energy generated in the country , nearly 52bn cubic metres of gas will be saved in 2005 and 65.5bn cubic metres in 2010 .
The construction of nuclear power stations in Iran , China , India , Kazakhstan and Ukraine will provide 42bn dollars in 2002-2005 and 24bn dollars in 2006-2010 .
Some of the strongest critics of our welfare system are the people who have become dependent on it .
Their complaint : the system discourages working because unemployment provides benefits that many entry-level jobs do n't include .
That 's where you -- and Goodwill -- come in .
We help people train for and find jobs that make it possible for them to get off of welfare .
Last year , Goodwill placed 511 people in jobs , more than double the number we placed in 1993 .
While the debate on welfare reform is gathering like a storm at sea , the people who need jobs are floundering .
We need your support to continue getting people off of public assistance .
Welfare is not the answer .
And welfare reform is an uncertain solution with an unknown starting date .
Goodwill works .
Right now .
Please give the largest gift you can to Goodwill today .
Sincerely , Jack Dustman Chairman
On March 4 , the US State Depart-ment released its annual human rights report .
Apart from criticizing the " axis of evil " countries for abusing human rights , it also listed abuses in several countries that are members of the anti-terrorist alliance .
What is most interesting about the reports is the section on Israel .
Since Israel suffers from terrorist attacks , the report says , it has been forced to take counter-terrorism measures , making its rights abuses understandable .
What 's more , post-Sept. 11 restrictions in the US on entering and leaving the country and on air travel , as well as measures curbing the civil rights of accused persons , are not discussed at all .
The report is generally quite frank and its wording strong , but it proposes no corrective action .
Consolidating the anti-terrorist alliance and expanding the war against terror are overshadowing concerns about human rights .
In exchange for support for its war on terror , the US is tacitly agreeing to ignore abuses by other members of the anti-terror coalition .
The most glaring examples are Russia 's suppression of resis-tance to its rule in Chechnya , China 's suppression of independence advocates in Xinjiang and the Falun Gong movement , and Israel 's treatment of Palestinians .
US activities , meanwhile , show no sign of promoting the universal values of democracy , human rights and peace .
Six months have passed since Sept. 11 and the focus of US anger has turned to countries that have been labeled " rogue nations " and members of an " axis of evil . "
The US anti-terrorist alliance has become the embodiment of two-sided justice .
" If you 're not with us , you 're against us . "
The human rights report poses a substantial challenge to the US interpretation of good and evil .
Put simply , what we are seeing is the naked pursuit of US interests .
No one who has ever studied realist political science will find this surprising .
To earn legitimacy , however , US interests must be made to appear just .
Even though almost all military mobilizations in history have been motivated by notions of good versus evil or of orthodoxy versus unorthodoxy , efforts to present the naked pursuit of US interests as a battle of good versus evil reflect a lack of understanding and tolerance .
Demonizing the enemy will guarantee that peace will not be gained through war .
The report expressly points out that , " It is extremely easy for terrorists to find supporters in countries where human rights are not respected and where individual freedom is repressed . "
To prove that human rights are important ammunition in the battle against terror , then , the US must attack terrorism to make human rights matter to these countries .
If , however , US President George W. Bush still believes in the supremacy of human rights , he must not forget the breeding ground for terrorists that exists within the anti-terrorist alliance .
The US is planning to extend military aid to several countries in the alliance to enable them to root out terrorists without using US forces .
Such wishful thinking risks making the US an accomplice in the destruction of human rights .
If the US , which claims to be the world 's policeman , is incapable of looking beyond US interests or of practicing the universal values of human rights , democracy and peace , then should n't the international community reconsider the role played by the UN , or learn from the way the European parliament works ?
After all , compromising between the interests of many different countries is much better than succumbing to the interests of a single country .
It is also an approach better suited to the new century and its increasing international diversity .
Chien Hsi-chieh is a DPP legislator and executive director of the Peacetime Foundation of Taiwan .
The Zionist and US administrations have the illusion that they succeeded in defeating the Palestinian people and their valiant intifadah .
Therefore , the two administrations , from the position of a " victor , " have called for an international or regional peace conference .
They have also announced that President Yasir Arafat is no longer fit for the coming phase .
In addition , they seek to convince other parties of these two ideas and are waiting for the concerned parties to agree to them , or , at least , to the first one , after which these two administrations will set their own conditions at the table .
It is true that the Palestinian towns are now under occupation , that the Palestinian Authority 's institutions have been destroyed , and that Arafat is still besieged at his office as a hostage .
It is also true that thousands of Palestinians and their leaders are held hostage , and that the entire Palestinian people are now experiencing the utmost suffering as part of their daily lives .
All this is one thing , but the Palestinian people 's will is something different .
The Zionists have succeeded in achieving these things , but a deep-rooted fact is that they have not succeeded , and will never succeed , in breaking the will of this valiant people or in forcing the Palestinians into relinquishing their just , legitimate rights and ending their glorious struggle for these rights .
It is thus an illusion for these criminal administrations to imagine that they have triumphed and that they are now in a position to dictate their own conditions on this great people .
The real victor in this battle is , in fact , the Palestinian people and not the Zionists .
For many reasons , the occupation of Palestinian towns can not last , so the Zionist forces will have to withdraw from these towns sooner or later .
In addition , it is now more impossible than ever to control the movement of three million Palestinians .
This is actually one of the deep-rooted facts .
As for the towns and refugee camps that have been destroyed , they will soon be reconstructed by the Palestinian people who have skillfully adapted themselves to the most difficult circumstances .
This reconstruction will take place more quickly than what the criminals in Tel Aviv and Washington think .
Most importantly , however , these criminals will have the largest illusion if they imagine that they have succeeded in liquidating the intifadah and destroying its infrastructure after having succeeded in liquidating or arresting a small or large number of the intifadah 's leaders and strugglers
Another deep-rooted fact is that the organizations of the Palestinian resistance still preserve their organizational structure and are also characterized by their superb ability to renew their leaders and replace the ones who fall along the path of martyrdom .
These criminals know this fact , as much as we , the Arabs , do , because they are in direct contact with it .
As for the intifadah 's infrastructure , it has actually widened and turned into volcanoes that are boiling with rage .
As has been acknowledged by Uri Avneri , a veteran Zionist writer , the intifadah 's structure " exists within millions of Palestinians and also within tens of millions of Arabs in whose chests the fire of anger is blazing . "
He added : " If more fighters and martyrdom-seeking ones fall , other fighters and martyrdom-seeking ones will emerge , who are ready to follow in their footsteps . "
The conclusion to which we come is that the Zionist and US administrations have aggravated the Zionist entity 's historical impasse through the crime they have committed together when they had the illusion that " force " can break the Palestinian people 's will and impose on this people what other means failed to impose .
Contrary to the visible scene and to the illusion of Sharon and Bush , this Zionist-US crime has confirmed that the Zionist entity 's historical impasse is constantly aggravating and that " the Arabs ' recognition of this entity 's right to exist " is now more distant than before despite some official Arab " recognitions . "
Millions of Arabs , Palestinians and non-Palestinians alike , now have a conviction stronger than before to the effect that it is impossible to achieve " coexistence " with this usurping , occupying , aggressive , and racist entity .
Israeli Arab leaders yesterday pledged to fight a proposed 25 % -30 % cut in National Insurance Institute child benefits for those who have not served in the army or completed national service .
The forum of Arab council heads is to meet tomorrow to draw up an action campaign aimed at thwarting the plan , part of a package of recommendations put forward by the Treasury for a NIS 13 million cut in government spending .
Shawqi Khatib , chairman of the monitoring committee of the Israeli Arab leadership , said Arabs would be hardest hit if the government approves the cutbacks in child benefits .
Khatib , who also chairs the forum of Arab council heads , said the leadership is diametrically opposed to any cutbacks , particularly when those affecting the lower socio-economic strata of society .
His words were echoed by Muhammad Zaydan , head of the Kafr Manda Local Council .
The town , with a population of 14,000 , has been at the top of unemployment lists for the past few months .
Zaydan said the proposed cut in child benefits would deal a body blow to all those already classed as being below the poverty line .
" Those out of work now , who rely on benefits to support their families , will find themselves in an even worse situation , " he said .
" This is likely to have ramifications for the future , with children skipping school , going out onto the streets , and getting mixed up with crime , drugs , and violence .
We already see that now because of the unemployment situation . "
Officially , some 23 % of the working population are registered as looking for work , but council officials believe the real figures are much higher .
They maintain that there are many women and young people who have lost their jobs in the last year who are either no longer registered or did not sign as jobless in the first place .
" I remember when the late prime minister Yitzhaq Rabin did away with the discrimination that had existed for years and equalized child benefits regardless of whether parents had served in the army or not , " Zaydan said .
" We applauded this move because it was not only just , but it made us begin to feel that we , as Arabs , were an integral part of Israeli society .
If this move goes through , we will once again feel that we are being discriminated against . "
WHAT THEY SAID : No tears for Tobin , but some for al-Qaeda
OTTAWA - The plight of prisoners and politicians has been weighing heavily on the minds of editorial writers and pundits in and around the nation 's capital .
It 's been a week now since Jean Chretien 's Cabinet shuffle and the dramatic departure of Brian Tobin -- seven days during which the print pundits have had time to ponder his actions .
And what they have said about him has not been pretty .
Still , before discussing the antics of Mr. Tobin and the elevation of Ottawa 's John Manley to the status of golden boy , there is the controversial , and more pressing , matter of the plight of the al-Qaeda fighters imprisoned at a U.S. military base in Cuba .
" Even thugs deserve humane treatment , " reads the headline of the Ottawa Citizen editorial .
" Conditions for detainees in Guantanamo Bay are harsh : wire-mesh cells 2.4 by 1.8 metres , a sleeping mat and blanket , a bucket for a toilet , " writes the Citizen .
" But that does n't necessarily make them inhumane .
On the other hand , U.S. assurances that it 's treating the prisoners humanely do n't mean that 's so . "
The Citizen argues that Canada should " insist " the United States " allow a 'competent tribunal ' to decide the legal status of the detainees , as required by the Geneva Convention .
... That might make it more difficult to find Osama bin Laden and his remaining thugs .
But laws keep us from behaving like them . "
The Sudbury Star agrees : " This conflict must now move to its next stage .
A tribunal , formed by the United Nations , must address the issue of these captured fighters and determine how they will be dealt with . "
Editorial writers at The Daily Press in Timmins disagree .
In an editorial appearing this week , the newspaper is unequivocal in its U.S. support .
" We ca n't help but wonder if some politicians and civil rights advocates are overreacting when it comes to the treatment of captured al-Qaeda and Taliban fighters by the United States .
" For the U.S. military to treat the prisoners any differently might very well imperil American lives , " reads the editorial .
" If Osama bin Laden is still alive , we suspect he is giving the civil rights advocates a hearty thumbs up . "
No one , however , is giving a hearty thumbs up to Mr. Tobin .
Rather , his sudden departure from politics provoked much criticism .
" No tears will be shed in this corner since Brian Tobin 's departure represents his third consecutive betrayal of voters , " Walter Robinson , federal director of the Canadian Taxpayers Federation and a regular columnist in The Ottawa Sun wrote yesterday .
" Mr. Tobin seems content to be back home on the Rock playing with his bag of marbles and collecting his parliamentary pension . "
In the Citizen , columnist Rosa Harris-Adler wrote a devastatingly sarcastic piece , ridiculing Mr. Tobin 's assertion that he was leaving for family reasons .
She chronicles what she imagines his first week post-politics would have been like :
" Day One : Brian decides it 's finally time to learn how to diaper the baby .
With some effort , he pins the flailing child down on the changing table only to discover there are no diapers in the house .
Brian gives up in confusion . "
By Day Seven , however , Ms. Harris-Adler notes that though Mr. Tobin has finally mastered the diapering process , his " baby " who is 15 years old is " not amused . "
And Michel Vastel , a columnist in Le Droit , writes a goodbye to his " favourite Newfie . "
He says that Mr. Tobin walked on too many toes , and made too many enemies in Ottawa .
He also wrote that while the former minister may have been one of the longest-serving MPs , he was also one of the most " unstable , " noting his career was like a " rough sea , " with highs and lows and never calm .
The vitriol continues .
In The Kingston Whig-Standard Paul Schliesmann writes , " Canadians do n't need the kind of politician Brian Tobin had become -- flighty , opportunistic and lacking in commitment to his job as a Member of Parliament . "
The pundits in Ottawa , it seems , have saved all of their praise for John Manley , the new Deputy Prime Minister and a hometown favourite .
" [ Mr. Manley ] has proven to be a sensible manager who Canadians can trust , " says a Sun editorial , observing that he emerged from the Sept. 11 crisis as a " sensible , serious voice in Cabinet. " And the Citizen calls Mr. Manley " competent and scrupulously honest . "
" Mr. Manley 's continuing responsibility for national security , along with the added clout he gains as Deputy Prime Minister , bodes well for the country . "
Pakistan rejects US human rights report
ISLAMABAD - Pakistan Tuesday slated US State Department 's country report on human rights situation in Pakistan and labelled it " factually inaccurate and unwarranted . "
" The report fails to acknowledge the important policy measures and initiatives by the Government of Pakistan to promote and protect human rights , " a Foreign Office spokesman said .
The spokesman said that the US report ignored the implementation of almost all initiatives announced and set at an April 2000 human rights conference .
These initiatives included the promulgation of the Juvenile Justice System Ordinance , the establishment of a Permanent Commission on the Status of Women , police and jail reforms , national policy and Plan of Action for elimination of child labour and establishment of a fund for rehabilitation of working children .
The spokesman said : " The Government has amended Pakistan Citizenship Act of 1951 to enable women of Pakistani descent to claim Pakistani nationality for their children born to foreign husbands .
A mass awareness campaign was launched as part of the observance of the Year 2000 as the Year of Human Rights and Human Dignity . "
" Pakistan also ratified ILO Conventions 100 on equal remuneration and 182 on the elimination of worst forms of child labour .
It signed the Optional Protocols to Convention on the Rights of Child .
Recently , the system of joint electorates has been introduced respecting the wishes of the minority communities , " the spokesman said .
The spokesman said that despite these developments , the report states ` the Govt 's human rights record remained poor ' .
" This is unacceptable and a gross misstatement of facts , " the spokesman said .
" The Government of Pakistan , therefore , feels constrained to reject the assessment of the report about Pakistan , and the tendency of some states to sit in judgement over others .
The cause of human rights would be better served if all states , in a spirit of cooperation and understanding , address the problems they face in promoting and protecting human rights . "
He said that the Government of Pakistan remains committed to promoting and protecting human rights and will welcome the assistance of friendly countries towards that end .
The tragic and shocking events that shook the United States , destroying a number of its economic , urban , and military landmarks , have aroused grief and sorrow worldwide .
This is because the terrorist violence has struck innocent women and children and defenseless civilians .
The scenes of destruction reminded the Palestinian people of the ongoing devastation and the Palestinians who are falling victim to the Israeli acts of bombardment , targeted assassinations , and incursions into Palestinian towns and villages , including Bayt Jala , Gaza , Khan Yunus , Rafah , Janin , Tulkarm , Ramlallah , Jericho , Nabulus , and others .
Nobody who has a live conscience and human feelings , whether he is Palestinian or otherwise , could not have been moved by these events and expressed sympathy for the families of the US victims , regardless of the US political stances that are totally biased to Israel and Israel 's use of the most advanced US weapons to curb the Palestinian intifadah .
This is because the Palestinians were , and still are , hoping that the Americans would realize , if they have not already realized , the justice of the Palestinian cause and the enormous injustice suffered by the Palestinians , who were expelled from their homeland , whose land was occupied , and who were deprived of the minimum political and human rights .
If any people are going to be moved by the scenes of destruction that involved Manhattan , the World Trade Center , and the Pentagon , it is the Palestinian people .
These people saw the majority of their security sites destroyed and the residential neighborhoods and apartment buildings parallel to the combat lines with the Israeli army and settlements in the West Bank and Gaza targeted by the Apaches helicopters and large-caliber artillery and machine guns .
However , for Israel to take advantage of the US tragedy to claim that it is standing in one ditch with the United States against the violence of terrorism , this is a twisted logic .
This is because Israel is an occupation state , one that is persecuting the Palestinians and denying them the right to exercise their national and sovereign rights .
Such a comparison would be theoretically valid if Israel withdrew from the occupied territories but the violence of terrorism against it continued .
While the world is busy following the news of the attacks on the US targets and feeling sorry for these acts , Israel carried out an incursion into Janin and the neighboring villages , bombarded more Palestinian internal security sites , demolished more homes in East Jerusalem , and killed an additional number of Palestinian activists and non-activists , including an 11-year-old girl .
It is very important for the United States to realize the difference between the US and Israeli cases .
The Palestinians want nothing from Washington but to understand their cause and stand beside right and justice .
What is required of Israel is to withdraw , both on the military and settlement fronts , from the territories occupied in 1967 , and the United States should push its ally Israel in that direction .
This would put an end to sensitivities , hatred , and injustice and spread peace in the region and the world .
Zimbabwe 's president is sworn in
SubHead : Lawmakers boycott event
HARARE , Zimbabwe - President Robert Mugabe was sworn in Sunday for his fifth term in office following a bitterly fought election that the opposition and many Western governments denounced as rigged .
Speaking publicly for the first time since government election officials declared him the winner four days ago , Mugabe returned to the themes he struck during his campaign against Morgan Tsvangirai , a former trade union leader .
Mugabe is a former rebel leader who led this country to independence from Britain 22 years ago .
He told an audience assembled in the colonial-style State House mansion that his victory was a triumph against the West and whites who he said had aligned against him and his governing party , the Zimbabwe African National Union-Patriotic Front .
''We have dealt a stunning blow to imperialism , '' he said .
Several African heads of states attended the ceremony , including President Sam Nujoma of Namibia and President Joseph Kabila of the Democratic Republic of Congo .
But the 57 lawmakers from the opposition Movement for Democratic Change boycotted it , as did representatives from the United States , European Union countries , New Zealand and Canada .
All said they were protesting an election they said had been tainted by months of political violence and intimidation , last-minute changes to electoral laws , and the disenfranchisement of tens of thousands of voters in Harare -- an opposition stronghold -- who failed to vote because the government reduced the number of polling stations .
Mugabe , 78 , remained defiant , blaming racism for the criticism and pledging to accelerate his land-reform program , under which the country 's most fertile land has been seized from white commercial farmers for redistribution to poor , landless blacks .
''Thanks to the people of Zimbabwe for loudly saying : Never again shall Zimbabwe be a colony , '' Mugabe said .
''It is our people who decide , who must say so , not you , sirs and not the one person in 10 Downing St. , Tony Blair , '' Mugabe said , referring to Britain 's prime minister .
The takeovers and occupations of farms , lack of transparency and political violence have led many international donors to cut funding to Zimbabwe , which is in the fourth year of a recession and a worsening food shortage .
Mugabe appealed to the nation and the opposition to reconcile to address the pressing economic needs , but fell short of proposing a government of national unity .
South African President Thabo Mbeki and Nigerian President Olusegun Obasanjo are pressing Mugabe to accept such an arrangement to avoid deepening international sanctions and suspension from the Commonwealth of Britain and its former colonies .
While a South African observer mission has said the elections were '' legitimate , '' Mbeki has not yet commented on them .
As the leader of the region 's most robust economy and most respected democracy , many Western leaders are looking to Mbeki to denounce the results and provide some reassurance that the continent is committed to democratic principles and property rights .
Investors and Western diplomats have said they might interpret Mbeki 's support for Mugabe or the elections as a sign that Africa is not intent on revitalizing its economies through good government and expanded international trade .
Europe to Tax Israeli Settlement Goods
RAMALLAH ( Palestine Media Center ) : Signaling a toughening policy towards the illegal Israeli settlements , the European Union 's ( EU ) Origin Committee , which consists of customs experts and commissioners , is to discuss imposing taxes on all Israeli goods produced in the Occupied Palestinian Territory , including East Jerusalem as well as the occupied Golan Heights .
The discussion is to be held today , 26 February , and it shall be centered on creating a common European policy , which would revoke duty benefits awarded to Israeli settlement products .
The move , which follows the European Union 's rejection of Israel 's military occupation of the Palestinian Territory , including East Jerusalem , was the subject of European debate and Israeli objection in the past .
It also signals the EU 's discontent over Israel 's refusal to provide it with a list of the Israeli factories operating in the Occupied Palestinian and Arab Territories .
In November of last year , the EU had issued a warning to European importers , specifying that Israeli exports originating in the Occupied Palestinian Territory as well as the Golan Heights were not included in the free trade agreement with Israel .
At present Israel enjoys a free trade agreement with the EU , which exempts it from customs duties .
While Israel rejects the EU plan for political and economic reasons , the EU affirms its position of not recognizing the Israeli settlements in the Occupied Palestinian Territory as a legitimate part of Israel .
And while the Israeli settlement products only amount to US $ 100 million of the US $ 8 billion Israel gains annually from its exports to Europe , Israeli officials have expressed their worry over the committee 's deliberations .
The 1949 Fourth Geneva Convention clearly states that any settlement that the Occupying Power creates in an Occupied Territory is illegal and considered a war crime .
Although High Contracting Parties to the Convention have affirmed the Convention 's de jure applicability to the Occupied Palestinian Territory , including East Jerusalem , Israel maintains its refusal to respect its obligations as an Occupying Power , which would include the dismantling of its illegal settlements in that Territory in addition to not exporting any products from them .
President Pervez Musharraf will pay a state visit to China from 20th to 24th of this month at the invitation of the president of China , Mr. Jiang Zemin .
The visit will mark the climax of the events organized in connection with the 50th anniversary of the establishment of diplomatic relations between the two countries .
The President will hold bilateral talks with the Chinese leaders , including President Jiang Zemin , Premier Zhu Rongji , and Mr. Li Peng , chairman of National People 's Congress .
The President and Chinese leaders will review Pakistan-China relations with special focus on bilateral economic cooperation , regional issues including Afghanistan and Kashmir .
Bilateral agreements regarding the Saindak copper and gold projects , Thar coal mines development , technical and economic cooperation , and a joint revolving fund for scientific research , and other hydroelectric projects are likely to be signed during the visit .
The annual trade between Pakistan and China hovers around $ 1 billion .
Over the years , China has emerged as a key economic partner and an important source of external assistance for Pakistan .
In perfect agreement with the latest polls on the popularity of President Hugo Chavez , the most recent study by Alfredo Keller has confirmed the resounding and sustained fall of the approval rating the President had at the beginning of his administration .
The study was conducted among a sample of 1,000 adults from different socioeconomic groups in Caracas , Maracaibo , Valencia , San Cristobal , Barquisimeto , Maracay , Barcelona , Puerto La Cruz , Puerto Ordaz , and Maturin .
The most telling result is that more than half of those polled believe that it is necessary to remove Chavez from office to solve the crisis .
From this group , 49 percent believe that a hypothetical replacement of the chief of state should take place through the institutional channels , whereas 5 percent agree with using forceful means .
Against this 54 percent , 43 percent of those polled prefer to let him govern until the end of his term in 2007 .
The recorded trend on the President 's approval rating also registered a drop .
Whereas his approval rating reached 84 percent and his disapproval rating reached 11 percent in April 1999 , both ratings crossed one another at 46 percent in August of this year .
This November , his disapproval rating reached 58 percent and his approval rating , 33 percent .
This result also reflects the collapse of the myth of a polarization between rich and poor , which applied at the beginning of his administration .
According to this , only 20 percent believe the rich and powerful are against Chavez .
However , 78 percent of those polled believe there are many poor who oppose him .
This study shows a very clear pronouncement in favor of calling a referendum to redraft the Constitution and restore the balance of power : 75 percent agreed with the referendum , whereas 20 percent rejected it .
Although Chavez ' edge in voter 's preference continues to shrink , the effects of a divided opposition still keep him in first place ( which shows the strength of radical Chavez supporters ) .
Given several names of possible presidential candidates , 25 percent voted for the current leader ; 21 percent for Henrique Salas Romer ; 16 percent for Julio Borges ; 13 percent for Alfredo Pena ; and 5 percent for Francisco Arias Cardenas .
[ Caracas El Universal ( Internet version ) in Spanish on 8 December carries a related 153-word report that indicates : " The latest polls conducted by four of the country 's leading firms show a drop in the popularity of President Hugo Chavez .
According to Datanalisis ' November poll , 57.4 percent of those polled feel as bad or worse than in the past and 55.3 percent believe their main problems are in the economic area .
The population 's disapproval of the government 's job reaches 93 and 88.4 percent on the insecurity and unemployment problems , respectively .
If the elections were held tomorrow , Chavez would still win , but his lead collapsed from 40 to 24 percent .
Popular support for [ Caracas Mayor Alfredo ) Pena climbed from 5.5 to 16.8 percent . "
Caracas El Universal ( Internet version ) in Spanish on 9 December carries a related 684-word report that indicates : " According to Luis Christiansen , director of Consultores 21 polling firm , President Chavez is facing two of the four key ingredients for the decline of any government : Unresolved major problems and a drop in the leader 's popularity .
The third is the perception of the President as an incapable leader , which is already happening , and the fourth is that Venezuelans are able to find a substitute leader .
The first factor deals with the nation 's general mood .
Venezuelans ' level of optimism is currently the same reported in 1998 ; that is , they are feeling pessimistic .
The difference is back then , Chavez ' candidacy raised expectations .
This lasted two years and people are feeling pessimistic again .
To the president 's misfortune , 80 percent of Venezuelans believe there is a solution for the unemployment problem .
As Christiansen explains , 'if Venezuelans did not see unemployment as a problem that could be solved , they would not blame it on Chavez ' incapacity .
Four of every 10 Venezuelans are blaming this problem on him . '
As for the second factor , 43 percent find nothing positive in the government 's actions .
Chavez ' strengths include his personal qualities ( 27 percent ) and clear desire to work ( 17 percent ) .
In other words , Christiansen points out these are the strengths of a campaigning candidate instead of a president with three years in office .
The fact that two-thirds of Venezuelans consider Chavez responsible for the country 's problems shows that he is losing strength in the third aspect of stability : The President 's ability to keep hope is shrinking .
Finally , the Consultores 21 analyst notes that today , the number of extreme Chavez opponents ( 42 percent ) is larger than that of extreme Chavez supporters ( 18 percent ) , which could bring about a confrontation for power .
He added that Chavez still leads voter 's preference with 28 percent . " ]
AMMAN -- The unemployment rate among the country 's 48,000 engineers has dropped by 1.5 per cent since last year , a senior official at the Jordan Engineers Association ( JEA ) said on Thursday .
The rate last year was around 8.5 per cent , but in the first two months of 2002 it dropped to 7 per cent , said JEA President Azzam Hneidi .
The total of unemployed engineers currently stands at 3,360 , he said .
The association last year provided 867 unemployed engineers with job opportunities in several public and private institutions , thereby contributing to the decline , according to Hneidi .
The association will continue contacting the government and private institutions to supply them with engineers , he added .
Both the JEA and the Ministry of Housing and Public Works last year trained 759 new engineering graduates over the course of one year to prepare them for job opportunities , he said .
One of the JEA 's obligations stipulated in its bylaws is to provide training for its members .
This training takes the form of a full-time internship lasting from six months to one year , during which graduates are placed in professional settings to gain firsthand experience in the workplace .
" The aim is to give the engineers a real chance to practise what they studied in theory at university , " said Hneidi .
Engineers specialised in the electricity field , for example , are hired to work in an electric company for eight hours per day .
" The trainee is paid between JD120-150 per month , and the association defrays JD30-50 of that monthly salary , " said the JEA official .
The association annually allocates JD100,000 for training graduates .
This year it plans to increase the number of trainees to 1,000 graduates , which will require more funds .
" The association is willing to cover it , " Hneidi said .
As the engineering sector has more graduates than job openings , the association 's representative offices in the Gulf states look to bring engineers from Jordan to work in the Gulf , said Hneidi .
Unemployment prevails mainly among chemical , mechanical and civil engineering graduates , he said , adding that engineers specialised in electrical , computer and architectural engineering have no problem finding jobs .
The number of students in Jordanian public and private universities ' engineering departments is around 6,000 , excluding those in agricultural engineering .
Around 2,000 new engineers enter the job market on an annual basis .
Currently , many engineering students in universities prefer to specialise in the electrical or computer disciplines because the demand for them is higher .
Islamabad , March 6 , IRNA -- Leading Pakistani defense analyst Hameed Gul on Wednesday rejected this year 's US State Department report on human rights , saying it was " a pack of blatant lies and propaganda . "
A former director-general of the Pakistani Inter-Services Intelligence ( ISI ) , Hameed Gul told IRNA in an interview here that each country which resisted American hegemony was deemed a violator of human rights .
" In a fit of force , the US wanted to subjugate the entire world community and was not ready to tolerate any hurdle in this direction and the recent report on human rights was also a manifestation of its hegemonistic designs , " the lieutenant general ( retd ) continued .
Hameed Gul was of the opinion that the US was the only country in the world that had no respect for any religion , faith , norms , decency , human rights and rules .
" It is unprecedented in the history of the comity of nations that the US forcibly wanted to prevent countries from upholding religious and cultural values , " he said .
" The US is the most fraudulent , terrorist and extremist country .
The world would never forget the barbarities it committed on the innocent Afghan people , women , children and the elderly , " he firmly said .
In order to realize its vested interests in the region , he said the US and its allies unleashed oppression against the Afghan people and used latest weaponry against the defenseless nation .
In this regard , he made a quick reference to the ongoing killings of Indian Muslims .
" Since the rioting erupted last week , over 600 people , mostly Muslims , have been brutally murdered in the hands of extremist Hindus in India , but the US and other so-called civilized nations kept a shameful mum , " he remarked .
The Americans , he pointed out , see violations of human rights when a country or a group of people become hurdles in the realization of their vested interests .
" What Israel is doing in Palestine against the Muslims is also one of the worst examples of rights abuses but the US is again silent , but when Palestinians react to Israeli attacks America is quick to The logical solution to the Palestinian issue is a free and independent state for the people of Palestine as enshrined under UN resolutions , he said .
But the US is denying this , he added .
He said it clearly means that the Muslims have no right to defend themsleves against their oppressors .
" America wants total submission of Muslims across the globe , " Hameed Gul said .
" The situation requires a concerted moral resistance by Muslims scholars ; if they remain indifferent to each other 's plight in the hands of imperialist forces led by the US , they would be crushed one by one , " he warned .
Muslims rulers should forge unity in their ranks to resist the ever-increasing US influence ; otherwise , they would be targeted one by one , Hameed Gul concluded .
HONG KONG , March 26 ( AFP ) - China has disallowed a routine port call in Hong Kong for an American naval vessel , a spokeswoman for the US consulate said Tuesday .
" The Chinese government denied a requested visit by the USS Curtis Wilbur , a destroyer , to visit Hong Kong from April 5 to 9 , " she said adding , " this would have been a routine port call . "
" No reason was given for the disapproval , " the spokeswoman added .
The bar on the USS Curtis Wilbur with some 346 crew is seen as reflecting Beijing 's anger over Washington 's decision to allow Taiwanese Defense Minister Tang Yao-ming to visit Florida for a military conference this month .
Beijing has twice summoned the US ambassador for dressings down over the issue , while a state-controlled newspaper reported last week that China was preparing to cancel naval exchanges with the United States in retaliation .
The last time such a request was turned down was in May last year following the collision of a US spy plane with a Chinese fighter jet in international air space over the South China Sea on April 1 , 2001 .
However , US naval visits to Hong Kong resumed in July .
There were two other similar episodes of permission being denied before that since the 1997 handover of the former British colony to China .
One of them was after the Chinese embassy in Yugoslavia was bombed , killing three people , in the US-led NATO air campaign three years ago .
When Hong Kong was under British rule , the US navy made up to 65 port calls a year and Beijing had agreed the stopovers would continue after the territory returned to Chinese sovereignty .
Mugabe wins poll , amid claims of rigging
HARARE , March 13 ( AFP ) - Zimbabwe 's long-time ruler Robert Mugabe swept to victory Wednesday in Presidential elections in a vote that challenger Morgan Tsvangirai declared was rigged and unacceptable .
Registrar General Tobaiwa Mudede announced on state television that Mugabe was re-elected with 1,685,212 votes against 1,258,758 votes for Tsvangirai , leader of the Movement for Democratic Change ( MDC ) .
` I ... therefore declare Robert Mugabe the winner for the office of the presidency of Zimbabwe , ' Mudede said .
Observers had warned that should the outcome be seen to have been rigged , violence could explode across the volatile southern African nation .
As the results were being announced , about 100 heavily armed soldiers moved into Zimbabwe 's second city Bulawayao and surrounded the MDC offices , where opposition officials had gathered .
Defence Minister Sydney Sekeramayi has put security forces on the highest level of alert , according to state media .
Police roadblocks were seen on the main roads leading to central Harare , security forces were patrolling the city and six police officers were stationed outside MDC headquarters .
Tsvangirai rejected Mugabe 's election victory out of hand .
` The election was massively rigged , ' he told a packed press conference .
` We therefore as MDC do not accept this result . '
Foreign governments all but dismissed the outcome even before it was announced , threatening to leave Mugabe internationally isolated despite his victory .
British Foreign Secretary Jack Straw cited ` pretty strong ' evidence that Mugabe has ` stolen ' Zimbabwe 's vote , an outcome he said would have ` enormous implications for the nature of our relationship with Zimbabwe . '
US State Department spokeswoman Lynn Cassel said : ` While we must wait for the final results , it is abundantly clear that this was a seriously flawed election . '
The MDC leadership was due to meet later Wednesday to discuss the poll results , and Tsvangirai was due to address a media conference afterwards .
` We have a national executive meeting ... where we will be looking at the figures and give the reaction of the party , ' said David Coltart , an MDC MP .
` To put it mildly the figures are very odd , with very low turnouts in the cities and massive ones in the rural areas , which is unprecedented in this country , ' he said .
Polling stations in Harare were reduced by 32 per cent in favour of an increase of voting outlets in rural areas , considered Mugabe 's support base .
Of 882,176 people registered to vote in Harare Province , 439,656 or 49.8 per cent actually did so during the three days of polling that began Saturday and saw mile-long queues across the capital .
The MDC , charging that the Mugabe government had followed a deliberate strategy of impeding the urban vote , went to the High Court and won an extra day of voting on Monday , but polls opened several hours late , and only an additional 24,000 votes were cast .
The election is the hardest fought battle for Zimbabwe 's top post since liberation war hero Mugabe took over after independence from Britain in 1980 .
` The election was preceded by months of government-orchestrated violence meant to intimidate voters ( and ) the opposition was repeatedly harassed and prevented from campaigning , ' she said .
Turnout across the southern African country was an estimated 66 per cent in an election fraught by violence , intimidation and intense legal wrangling over civic rights and electoral rules .
Even after the polls closed Monday , Mugabe 's government kept up the pressure on the opposition by charging MDC Secretary General Welshman Ncube with high treason , which the party dismissed as a smear tactic .
Ncube , along with Tsvangirai and four other top party officials , had been accused last month of plotting to assassinate the President .
The tumultuous campaign grabbed international headlines and sparked diplomatic rows that landed Mugabe with sanctions from the European Union and the United States .
Violence has claimed at least 33 lives , mostly those of opposition supporters , since the start of the year .
The influential International Crisis Group ( ICG ) warned that the ` risk of major violence erupting is exceedingly high ' if the election was seen to be rigged .
July 11 , 1997 Name Address City , State Zip
Dear Mr./Mrs. Name :
We need your help in continuing the work of Jameson Camp .
Jameson is a not-for-profit agency established in 1928 to serve the youth of central Indiana who have special needs .
The camp offers summer residential programs for children from ages 7-17 , and continues contact with the campers and their families with special overnight and weekend follow-up events during the school year .
All children who attend the camp are referred by social workers , doctors , teachers , counselors , and other professionals .
Many of the children have learning disabilities , behavioral problems , or come from economically distressed families .
The goal of our organized camping experience is to improve the total health of the children socially , emotionally , and physically .
This year Jameson Camp is planning an Inaugural fund-raising event : The Jameson Grill !
This event is designed to be fun for campers , their families , friends of the camp , neighbors , staff , and anyone interested in finding out more about Jameson .
In short , Fun for Everyone !
The family-friendly event , September 20 , 1997 , will include a hog roast , activities for kids and adults , prizes for activities , and a small raffle .
Lucky attendees can go home with a great prize .
This is where we need your help .
Can you help support this wonderful event by furnishing any type of products or services that can be used as prizes for our activities or as a raffle prize ?
Your contribution will help with funding so Jameson Camp can continue providing the year-round camping experience that gives kids a chance to create dreams .
Enclosed is a form you can complete and return to us in the postage-paid envelope .
Or , you can fax us at 241-2760 , or e-mail , icfundrzr @ aol.com .
Your quick response will help us begin organizing our prizes .
After we receive your commitment , we will contact you about picking up your contribution .
If you have any questions , please call me at 241-2661 .
We appreciate your support of our first event of this type .
Sincerely , Pat Bray Director of Development Help Blaze The Trail -- 1997 Jameson Camp Thank you for your last Annual Fund Gift !
START
Dow Jones & Co. extended its tender offer of $ 18 a share , or about $ 576 million , for the 33 % of Telerate Inc .
that it does n't already own until 5 p.m .
EST , Nov .
The offer , which Telerate 's two independent directors have rejected as inadequate , previously had been scheduled to expire at midnight Friday .
Dow Jones said it extended the offer to allow shareholders time to review a supplement to the Dow Jones tender offer circular that it mailed last Friday .
The supplement contains various information that has been filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission since Dow Jones launched the offer on Sept .
but it does n't change the terms and conditions of the offer except to extend its expiration date .
In Delaware Chancery Court litigation , Telerate has criticized Dow Jones for not disclosing that Telerate 's management expects the company 's revenue to increase by 20 % annually , while Dow Jones based its projections of Telerate 's performance on a 12 % revenue growth forecast .
In the tender offer supplement , Dow Jones discloses the different growth forecasts but says it views the 20 % growth rate " as a hoped-for goal " of Telerate 's management " and not as a realistic basis on which to project the company 's likely future performance .
Telerate shares fell 50 cents on Friday to close at $ 20 each in New York Stock Exchange composite trading .
Dow Jones shares also fell 50 cents to close at $ 36.125 in Big Board composite trading .
Dow Jones has said it believes the $ 18-a-share price is fair to Telerate 's minority shareholders .
Late last week , representatives of Dow Jones and Telerate began negotiations about the terms of the offer , but those talks did n't result in any changes in the offer .
Telerate provides information about financial markets through an electronic network .
Dow Jones , which owns 67 % of Telerate , publishes The Wall Street Journal , Barron 's magazine , community newspapers and operates financial news services and computer data bases .
Beijing , April 29 ( XINHUA ) -- Lebanese Prime Minister Rafik Hariri invited Chinese entrepreneurs to invest in his country at a luncheon was held here Monday in his honor .
Hariri said that trade and exchanges between the two nations were developing , and Lebanon hoped China would become its strategic partner in trade and economy , investment and modern technology exchanges , urging a greater role from entrepreneurs in developing bilateral ties .
Yu Xiaosong , president of the China Council for the Promotion of International Trade ( CCPIT ) , said trade between China and Lebanon last year surged 40 percent from the year before , and cooperation in agriculture , infrastructure and contracting projects also recorded great progress .
He encouraged entrepreneurs from China to invest in Lebanon , and those from Lebanon to seek more cooperation opportunities in China .
Over 70 entrepreneurs from both sides attended the luncheon .
October 7 , 1996 Name Address City , ST Zip Dear Name : In the summer of 1993 , the Marion County Commission on Youth began what can best be described as a " new era " in its history .
MCCOY was reorganized as an independent , not-for-profit agency , separate from local government .
It retained , however , the same mission with which it had been charged from its inception : to serve as a catalyst for effective , coordinated , and collaborative service delivery to youth in our community .
For the past three years , MCCOY has been actively engaged in accomplishing this declared mission in cooperation with many others : youth service providers , youth , funding bodies , and interested citizens to name a few .
We have met with a number of successes along the way , most notably the Summer Fun Line , the Metro Summer Bus Pass , and the development of ten neighborhood youth councils .
A Providers Council and a Youth Coalition are building relationships that will hopefully bear great fruit in the years to come .
The formation of The Community Academy , a pilot project directed at expelled students from local school systems , has come about as a result of MCCOY 's efforts to mobilize community agencies in response to a pressing issue .
McCoy is actively represented and working with numerous community collaborations where we regularly raise our voice to speak out for the inclusion of young people in both decision-making and program planning processes .
One concrete example is a joint project undertaken in the United Northwest Area in partnership with The Junior League of Indianapolis and Community Partnerships with Youth from Fort Wayne , Indiana .
As a team , these three organizations are working with neighborhood youth and adults to build a " Caring Neighborhood with Youth " , mobilizing the assets of young people and adults as partners to build a better neighborhood for all .
Since its re-organization , MCCOY has established its unique niche within the community by refraining from direct service programming and focusing on what it does best : helping to identify youth needs , convening groups of individuals and organizations which can address those needs , and moving toward collaborative solutions .
McCoy has only one interest : the well being of Marion County 's young people .
McCoy invites the support of The __ Company Foundation in the amount of $ 10,000.00 to support such activities as : -- -- the co-ordination of youth leadership training and youth empowerment efforts at the neighborhood level by means of neighborhood-based youth councils ; -- -- the promotion of youth employment opportunities ; -- -- the facilitation of ongoing discussions regarding effective and efficient youth service delivery ; -- -- the provision of technical assistance and guidance to neighborhoods which seek positive youth-adult relationships ; -- -- the development of community-wide supports for the positive growth of all Marion County young people .
In the last several years , the business and corporate community has recognized that the positive development of youth is directly related to the development of a competent workforce .
Youth who are supported and encouraged by both a family and a society that values Them have a much greater likelihood of becoming productive and contributing members of adult society .
While we have made significant inroads , there remains much to be done and it is clear that we can not do it alone .
We seek the financial support of the Foundation to help us be successful in creating the atmosphere in our community where young people can grow and develop well .
Your contribution will enable us to both continue and expand the good work we have begun in making Indianapolis a city famous for its commitment to youth and families .
In our fund raising efforts to date , we have received the support of local government , foundations , and corporations as well as the personal financial commitments of individual MCCOY Board members .
We believe there is no more appropriate time to have a coordinated and collaborative effort to financially support the services MCCOY offers to the community as a whole .
Thanking you in advance for your support , we remain , Sincerely , John T. Neighbours Philip B. Roby President Treasurer John F. Brandon Executive Director
A Brief History
Jerusalem ' s recorded history begins with its mention in Egyptian court records 4,000 years ago , but there had been human settlements here for centuries , probably millennia , before that .
At the beginning of the second millennium b.c. , Jerusalem was a Canaanite mountain stronghold on a secondary trade route , far less important than biblical cities such as Hazor , Megiddo , Beth Shean , and Shechem .
The earliest name associated with the city , Ur usalim , perhaps meant `` city of Shalim '' or `` founded by Shalim .
Scholars speculate that Shalim might have been an ancient Semitic deity of peace , for the name resembles the modern Hebrew and Arabic words for `` peace '' : shalom and salaam , respectively .
If true , this is an ironic name for a city that would become one of the most constantly and bitterly embattled places on the face of the earth .
Biblical Jerusalem
In the Bible , Genesis 14:18 -- 20 records that Abraham visited the city of `` Salem '' in approximately 1800 b.c. and was blessed by the city ' s ruler , Melchzedik , who offered him bread and wine .
The city is not mentioned again in the Bible until the time of the great poet warrior , King David , who captured the city from the Jebusites in about 1000 b.c .
The Bible describes how David ' s soldiers conquered Jerusalem by discovering a water tunnel under the walls and using it to take the city by surprise .
Warren ' s Shaft , part of a Canaanite water system discovered by 19th-century archaeologists and open to visitors , might be the very tunnel infiltrated by David ' s army .
Perhaps because Jerusalem was in neutral territory not allotted to any of the twelve rival tribes of Israel , David made it the capital of his newly formed kingdom and brought the most talented artisans , dedicated priests , magical poets and musicians , and the most formidable soldiers from each of the tribes to live in his city .
He also brought the Ark of the Covenant , the portable tabernacle containing the Tablets of the Law received on Mount Sinai , to the Spring of Gihon , just outside the walls of Jerusalem .
There the Ark rested until it was placed in the Temple , built in approximately 960 b.c. on Mt. Moriah , the high point at the northern end of the city .
The Temple ( today known as the `` First '' Temple ) was completed by David ' s son and successor , King Solomon .
According to biblical tradition , although David bought the land for the Temple and carefully assembled its building materials , he was deemed unworthy of constructing the Temple because he was a man of war with blood on his hands .
At the Temple ' s dedication , Solomon addressed his God : `` ... the Heavens , even the Heaven of the Heavens , can not contain Thee ; how much less this House that I have built ?
The site of the Temple eventually became identified as Mt. Moriah , on which it stood , where Abraham was called to sacrifice his son Isaac .
Along with this splendid house of worship , Solomon built a royal palace , mansions for his wives , temples for the foreign gods worshipped by the princesses he had married , and towers for the defense of the capital .
Under the wise reign of Solomon , the city flourished as the capital of an empire that stretched from Damascus to the Red Sea and controlled the trade routes from Egypt to Phoenicia .
The Temple and royal palace were adorned with gold and ivory from Africa and with cedar from Lebanon ; the beauties and glories of Jerusalem under Solomon have captivated readers of the Bible for almost 3,000 years .
But with his death the empire collapsed , and the Israelite kingdom was divided into two separate , impoverished , often warring nations : Israel , with its capital at Shechem in the north , ruled by a series of northern dynasties ; and the smaller kingdom of Judah , with its capital at Jerusalem , from which the Davidic dynasty continued to rule .
The Bible tells us that the cruelty and impiety of the rulers of both kingdoms aroused the fury of the great Prophets .
In 701 b.c. the Assyrian armies of Sennacherib destroyed Israel and moved southward to besiege Jerusalem .
Thanks to King Hezekiah ' s hidden water tunnel , the city narrowly escaped destruction .
The end of David ' s dynasty came in 587 b.c. , when Nebuchadnezzar , King of Babylon , invaded Judah to lay siege to Jerusalem .
When it fell , the Temple and all the buildings were burned .
The people of the once-glorious city were forced into an exile known as `` the Babylonian Captivity .
In time , the kingdom of Babylon was overthrown and the Israelites were permitted to return to Jerusalem in 539 b.c .
The city was now under the more tolerant rule of the Persians , but rebuilding was slow work .
The Second Temple was finished in 515 b.c. , but much of the city still lay in ruins .
Jerusalem submitted peaceably to the rule of the Greeks in 332 b.c. under Alexander the Great and , subsequently , to his Hellenistic successors as well as the Egyptian Ptolomeys and the Syrian Seleucids .
When Seleucid rulers outlawed Judaism , Jews led by Judah Maccabee and his brothers staged a revolution in 167 b.c. and , against all odds , restored the primacy of Jewish religious life in Jerusalem .
The Macabbees cleansed the Temple of Hellenistic idols and the blood of pagan sacrifices ; the eight-day celebration of Hanukkah ( Feast of Dedication ) commemorates their victory .
The Hasmonean dynasty , descendants of the Maccabee family , ruled an independent Jewish Commonwealth that stretched from the Negev to the Galilee .
Jerusalem grew , surrounded with a formidable wall and defended by towers beside the Jaffa Gate .
The Hasmoneans ruled until Pompey ' s Roman legions arrived in 63 b.c .
Roman Jerusalem
After the initial years of Roman administration and political infighting , Rome installed Herod ( scion of a family from Idumea , a Jewish kingdom in the desert ) as King of Judea .
He reigned from 37 to 4 b.c. , during which time he fortified the Hasmonean wall and rebuilt the defense towers beside Jaffa Gate , the foundation of which still stand .
Several palaces were built and a water system installed .
Herod also completely rebuilt the Temple , making it one of the most important religious centers in the Roman Empire .
The courtyard around the Temple was expanded to accommodate hundreds of thousands of pilgrims , and the Temple Mount was shored up by retaining walls made with great stone blocks .
One of these walls , the Western Wall , is today a major reminder of Jerusalem ' s greatness under Herod .
A massive fortress was built overlooking the Temple Mount , which Herod named `` Antonia '' in honor of his Roman friend and benefactor , Mark Antony .
For all his accomplishments , Herod was nevertheless hated by his subjects ; he taxed , he tortured , and he ordered the massacre of male Jewish infants in an attempt to do away with the heralded Messiah .
When Jesus was born in about 4 b.c. , Joseph and Mary escaped Herod ' s paranoia by fleeing into Egypt with the new-born infant .
They returned to live in the Galilee village of Nazareth , making pilgrimages to Jerusalem .
According to biblical accounts , Jesus spent his life ministering in the Galilee Valley .
In about a.d. 30 he and his followers went for Passover to Jerusalem , which was in unrest at this time , dissatisfied with Roman domination .
Jesus ' s entry into the Temple caused a commotion ; after the Passover dinner he was arrested by the temple priests , who were under direct Roman rule .
Jesus was put on trial quickly and condemned to crucifixion , a Roman form of execution for political and religious dissidents as well as for common criminals .
In a province rife with rebellion and retaliation , the execution in Jerusalem of yet another religious leader from the Galilee did not by itself have an immediate effect on history .
After Jesus ' s crucifixion , harsh Roman rule continued until a.d. 66 , when the Jews rebelled .
For four years Jewish zealots fought against the might of Rome .
At the end , the Roman general Titus laid siege to Jerusalem in a.d. 70 , finally attacking its starved and weakened defenders .
Those who didn ' t escape were executed or sold into slavery .
The Holy City and the Temple were destroyed .
The last of the zealots held out for another three years at Masada ( see page 76 ) .
Half a million civilians died in the Galilee and Judea as a result of this first revolt against Rome , a number unequaled in ancient warfare .
Christian and Islamic Jerusalem
For 60 years Jerusalem lay in ruins , until the Roman Emperor Hadrian ordered the city rebuilt as a Roman town dedicated to Jupiter .
In outrage , the Jews began a second revolt against Rome , led by Simon bar Kochba .
The ruins of Jerusalem were briefly liberated , but , in the end , Jewish resistance to Rome was defeated with great loss of life .
The planned new Roman city , Aelia Capitolina , was built over the ruins of Herodian Jerusalem , and Jews were barred from residing there for all time .
Jerusalem ' s physical existence as a spiritual city seemed finished , but its spiritual power for Jews , and for the struggling new Christian religion , remained .
For the next two centuries Aelia Capitolina enjoyed an innocuous history .
But the Roman Empire became Christian in the fourth century , and Jerusalem became a center of religion once again .
Queen Helena , a devout Christian and the mother of Emperor Constantine the Great , made a pilgrimage to the Holy Land in 326 to identify the sites associated with Jesus ' s life .
She found that the city ' s most beautiful Roman temple , dedicated to the goddess Aphrodite , stood on the site of the crucifixion .
The temple was demolished and a vast , Classical-style church was built around Golgotha ( the hill where Jesus ' s crucifixion was believed to have taken place ) .
Throughout Jerusalem , other spots important to Jesus ' s life were commemorated with religious structures .
Pilgrims came from all over the Roman ( and , later , Byzantine ) Empire during the following centuries , but the prosperity they brought lasted only until 614 , when Persian armies overtook Judea and reduced Jerusalem to rubble again .
In 629 , Jerusalem was recaptured by the Byzantines .
Still reeling from the effects of the Persian devastation , Jerusalem was conquered in 638 by the forces of Islam .
The Temple Mount was identified in Islamic tradition as `` the farthest spot '' ( in Arabic , el-aksa ) , the site to which the Prophet Muhammad was transported in one night from Mecca on a winged horse , as described in the 17th chapter of the Koran .
From here the Prophet ascended to the heavens and was permitted to glimpse paradise .
The rock on the Temple Mount from which he ascended , at or close to the site of the ruined Temple , was commemorated by the construction of the Dome of the Rock in 691 .
The Dome of the Rock remains Jerusalem ' s most striking monument ; it is counted among the most beautiful buildings ever created .
By about 715 , the El-Aksa Mosque , third holiest place of prayer in Islam ( after Mecca and Medina ) , had been built on the southern side of the Temple Mount .
Jerusalem continued under Islamic rule for the next four and a half centuries .
In 1099 , under their leaders Godfrey de Bouillon and Tancred , the Crusaders captured the Holy City for Christendom by slaughtering both Muslims and Jews .
Crusaders , Mamelukes , and Turks
The Crusaders established a feudal Christian state with Godfrey at its head .
They built many impressive churches during the term of the first Latin Kingdom of Jerusalem , but in 1187 they were driven out by Muslim forces under the great warrior Saladin .
During the Sixth Crusade ( 1228 -- 1229 ) , the Holy Roman Emperor Frederick II managed to secure Jerusalem for the Christians by negotiation .
The Christians , however , could not hold the city .
After they lost Jerusalem , a Mongol invasion swept through , and in 1244 the Mameluke dynasty of Egypt took control , ruling Jerusalem for the next 250 years .
The city struggled to rebuild from Crusader wars and invasions .
Much of the best Islamic architecture in the city was constructed in the Mameluke era , but the past thousand years had taken their toll : Jerusalem was unable to regain the prosperity it had enjoyed in earlier times .
In the early 16th century , the Ottoman Turkish Empire was advancing through the Middle East .
Jerusalem fell to the Ottomans in 1517 , remaining under their control for 400 years .
Suleiman the Magnificent rebuilt the walls and gates in the form they retain to this day .
Fountains , inns , religious schools , and barracks were constructed .
But when Suleiman died , his empire , including Jerusalem , began a long period of decline .
The Holy City remained a backwater until the 19th century , when renewed interest among Christian pilgrims made it the destination of thousands of travelers each year .
19th-Century Aspirations
At the same time , many Jews sought religious freedom and fulfillment by moving to Palestine ( as the Holy Land was traditionally called ) and especially to Jerusalem .
In the 1890s , Theodor Herzl ( 1860 -- 1904 ) worked to organize a movement , Zionism , to create a Jewish state .
Chaim Weizmann ( 1874 -- 1952 ) , a scientist born in Russia but later a British subject , did much to put Herzl ' s hopes into practice .
Weizmann was an important figure in the negotiations with the British government that led to the Balfour Declaration of 1917 , supporting the idea of a Jewish `` national home '' in Palestine that also respected the rights of existing non-Jewish people already living there .
The problem was that British strategists , who were fighting the Ottoman Turks in 1917 , had secretly promised the lands to their World War I Arab allies .
In 1922 the League of Nations granted the British a mandate to administer Palestine .
Jerusalem flourished during the early years of the Mandate .
Modern neighborhoods , hospitals , schools , and the Hebrew University were built in West Jerusalem , the new Jewish enclave .
But Arab opposition to new Jewish immigration and construction in Palestine led to increasing strife ; by 1946 , Jerusalem was an armed camp .
In 1947 the United Nations voted for the partition of Palestine into two states , one Jewish and one Arab , with Jerusalem as an international city that belonged to neither .
But lacking the means to enforce its decision , the United Nations was powerless to halt the fighting that erupted as the British withdrew their troops in 1948 .
Modern Israel
The State of Israel was declared during this difficult time .
In response , member states of the Arab League sent troops to help the Palestinian Arabs .
West Jerusalem , separated from the rest of the new Jewish nation , held out under siege for several months until Israeli forces secured a land corridor connecting the city to the coastal areas .
Jews were evacuated from the Old City ' s Jewish Quarter , and thousands of Arab families fled their homes in West Jerusalem .
As a result of armistice agreements in 1949 , Jerusalem was divided :
West Jerusalem was to be under Israeli control , and East Jerusalem ( including the Old City , with its Jewish , Muslim , Christian , and Armenian quarters ) came under Jordanian authority .
Free access to holy sites for members of all religions was guaranteed by the armistice agreements .
However , with the city partitioned by fortifications and barbed wire , no Israeli or Jewish pilgrims were allowed to visit the Western Wall or other Jewish sites in East Jerusalem .
For the next 19 years , Jerusalem was two cities .
Political and religious boundaries were aggravated by occasional incidents of terrorism or sniping until the Six Day War in June 1967 .
Within three days the city was completely in Israeli hands , and in two weeks it was physically and administratively reunited .
Jerusalem ' s mayor , Teddy Kollek , spent the next 25 years orchestrating a vast program of development , adding new cultural institutions and parks and instituting neighborhood restoration projects while tirelessly me diating the concerns of Jerusalem ' s many communities .
Today , as always , Jerusalem is a city of controversies : religious Jews in conflict with secular Jews ; Palestinians calling for independence ; many residents protesting a wave of high-rise development that many claim will turn the Holy City into a holy megalopolis .
But the ideas and mystique that have always made this an extraordinarily special place rise above the ebbing and flowing concerns of present-day Jerusalem as it continues to tug at the world ' s attention into the new millennium .
Energy Secretary Ernesto Martens has admitted that it is unfeasible to guarantee the flow of revenues to the government if the Finance Secretariat maintains its estimate that the crude export platform in 2002 will average 1.825 million barrels per day , at a price of $ 17.00 per barrel .
" One would have to talk in depth with the Finance Secretariat 's people to hear the criteria that they used to establish that benchmark , " he claimed , declining to give details on the manner in which the federal government 's secretariats establish the price of crude in the General Criteria for Economic Policy .
In fact , Martens admitted that this volume of crude exports has not been achieved this year .
According to Pemex [ Mexican Petroleum ] figures , between January and September the daily exports of barrels of oil did not exceed an average of 1.71 million .
During September alone , this average dropped to 1.64 million .
In the General Preliminary Criteria for Economic Policy 2002 , the final text of which is being presented to Congress by the government today , the Finance Secretariat estimated an average price of $ 17.00 per barrel for the crude mixture , and predicted that the export platform would be 1.825 million barrels per day .
The volume appears large in the current economic context , when oil prices have fallen back to 1999 levels .
Hence , the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries ( OPEC ) , will decide at its meeting on Wednesday whether or not to cut its worldwide crude production in an effort to shore up energy prices .
Traditionally , Mexico has supported the OPEC cutbacks ; however , analysts agreed that it will now tend to support the United States , the main world consumer , and the one that would be adversely affected by a possible increase in crude prices .
George Baker , director of Mexico Energy Intelligence , expressed this opinion : " In the event that the Mexican Government gives priority to its relationship with the United States , it will not be a game without risks .
And it is possible that , at some given time , OPEC may hand it the bill for not collaborating in the reduction of the oil supply . "
He noted that the Mexican economy is very closely linked to that of the United States , and hence no oil producer , whether a member of OPEC or not , is in such a disadvantageous situation .
Frederic Lasserre , an energy sector analyst for the firm Societe Generale , held the view that Mexico 's close relationship with the United States prevents it from becoming more committed to OPEC .
" The US authorities would not like to have it ( Mexico ) as a trading partner and , at the same time , close to OPEC , " he observed .
With regard to prices , he gave a reminder that the reason that prompted Mexico to collaborate with OPEC in 1998 was , in fact , the decline in them .
But Ken Miller , from the firm Purvin & amp ; amp ; Gertz , included an additional factor .
" Mexico sought out the leading producers : Venezuela and Saudi Arabia , not only for the prices , but also because of the competition on the crude oil market ( in US territory ) , " he claimed , pointing out that prices have not yet fallen as low as they did then .
In 1998 , the Mexican oil mixture averaged $ 10.17 per barrel : now , the lowest levels have reached $ 14.00 per barrel .
Miller remarked that the worldwide economic slowdown has shrunk the demand for energy sources , which could lead the independent producers , including Mexico , to operate in coordination with the oil cartel .
Nevertheless , according to the researcher from the UNAM [ National Autonomous University of Mexico ] Economics Department , Angel de la Vega , since the Fox administration does not have the security of a fiscal reform available , it can not be ruled out that Mexico might collaborate with OPEC in the event of a more serious reduction in oil prices .
Miguel Garcia Reyes , a specialist in petroleum geopolitics at the College of Mexico , claimed that Mexico 's distancing from OPEC has become more intensified since the attacks on the United States .
He emphasized : " Now Mexico is positioned between two fronts : it recognizes the need for reducing the supply on the market , but the policy is to support the United States and supply it with more crude if it should become necessary . "
In terms of market , the Mexican exports do not play an important role , but the support for OPEC on the part of Mexico , Venezuela , and Saudi Arabia in 1998 and 1999 lent credibility to the policy of cutbacks , and achieved the recovery of prices .
Promises Are Cheap
The Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries has agreed on three cuts in its production thus far this year , for the purpose of preventing the crude prices from becoming weaker .
Nevertheless , it has not kept its promises .
BETHANY - The number of illegal immigrants in Swaziland seems to be increasing .
Last month members of the Umbutfo Swaziland Defence Force [ USDF ] found 594 illegal aliens in the country .
The USDF found 43 Somalians inside two kombis in Maphiveni and 23 others were found without travel documents at Matsamo border and were handed over to the Horo police .
At least 507 illegal Mozambicans have been found , as well as eight South Africans , two Tanzanians , and one Burundian .
According to the army spokesman , Corporal Nhlanhla Dlamini , the key areas where most of the immigrants were found was Lomahasha , Mhlumeni and Sitsatsaweni .
" We have discovered that there is a certain family around Lomahasha , which is suspected of assisting illegal immigrants with shelter and transport .
The army would like to request whoever is engaged in this criminal activity , to stop , " he said .
Last month , 53 cattle were also stolen around the country , of which 17 were spotted inside Mozambique driven by three men armed with rifles thought to be AK47s .
The Mozambican soldiers have promised to act quickly .
The USDF also found four stolen cars in different places in the country .
These include a Nissan Skyline in Mafutseni , a Mercedes Benz , A Toyota and an Isuzu 2.5 diesel at Nkalashane .
