How very interesting that those students posting complaints about the UOP all refer to the same issues : FINANCIAL AID ; Academic and Enrollment Advisors ; the unprofessionalism of the staff ; the UOP being a degree mill etc .
They are all true .
Believe every word that is spoken .
Not only was I an online student with them for a little over a year , the continued turnover rates of these people in critical positions was a joke .
You never knew whom to call ; you were never informed ; the tuition per credit hour was just a royal hoot for the education being obtained .
Return calls , oh that's a joke .
I ended up leaving the UOP and had to enlist the services of my Congressional Leader since the UOP assumed they were going to keep my $1400.00 credited to my account .
Yeah right !
While I did receive high grades , I will admit , I did work hard for them - no doubt about that however , the deceitful , manipulative , greedy and darned right pestering practices this school used(uses ) leaves alot to be desired !
On the other hand , WESTERN INTERNATIONAL UNIVERSITY ( a newborn of the UOP ) is no different .
They are just as deceptive , manipulative , greedy and very ill informed as individuals at the UOP .
I advise students to check around .
There has to be something better out there than either of these two " institutions " of ill repute .
Did I mention your hard earned degree isn't worth the paper it's written on ?
Heard that DIRECTLY from an employer that said they wouldn't hire a UOP graduate if they were the last individual on the face of the earth .
Wonder why ?
When the DOE contacts the school for information regarding a student and the school does not respond that should send up red flares immediately .
In essence , both degree mills should be shut down and made to return the monies they've STOLEN from many students based LIES , LIES , LIES , LIES !
I graduated from Devry , and my two cents about it .
I work in the field as a software engineer ; graduated in 2004 and have been employed since .
Likes : - On hands training ( a lot of lab work ) - Some very knowledgeable experts were my professors ( this matters because you learn best from those who have real world knowledge , and not just from an individual with a masters or phd and no real world experience ; and yes more of my professors had obtained their phds ) - very good guidance and counseling on what courses will be required and what courses mesh well with certain other courses taken during the semester Dislikes : - expensive as hell , at least for a tech school - the university has more of a business approach ; rather , than a campus to serve the students approach - too many units in one semester ( if you are on the accelerated program ) - you don't get the same atmosphere as other universities ie . parties , sports teams , or hot chicks ( lets face it hot girls don't want to become engineers ) From my experience during my attendance at DeVry , I noticed only two types of students ; those who want a piece of paper that states they are engineers , and those who actually strive at becoming engineers because they know their future livelihood will depend on it .
Therefore , if you are the sooner rather than the latter then go to a JC and save yourself a lot of money .
Also , you can tell which students just wanted a hand me down diploma ; because they would always drop out during their later semesters and the lucky ones who managed cheated their way through .
p.s . I didn't cheat : ) my 3.2 gpa is proof of that , not too good and not too bad
I attend CTU and it is an excellent school .
I have attended a campus based school and didn't learn nearly as much as I am learning now .
It is not easy to get an " A " especially in the Software Engineering program .
It is a must that you study or you will fail.I am graduating in June and Can't wait .
I already have a position lined up which pays $60,000 .
I am also about to be accepted into a great campus based graduate school .
Not to shabby for an online degree .
I have to give UOP a four star rating .
I am graduating in May with by BIS degree and have a great experience with them .
I have learned more than I ever learned at my traditional school where I earned my A.S . I have done more work and retained more knowledge studying at UOP five hundred times more than I did at the other University's and Community Colleges I have attended .
I think some people don't like to accept the fact that learning can be done via the Internet and satellite classrooms .
IT is strange though because they are probably the same people who are setting up web training and surveys within their company's .
It may be hard to accept for some but it is a growing discovery that humans are capable of learning without being hand fed the answers to everything ; we can be self-motivated and self-disciplined to the point of actually learning without an instructors face to their name or ever setting foot in a four walled room but in the convenience of our own offices and homes .
I would have never had the chance to further my education if I had to attend a ground campus for all my classes .
I have a son , husband , home , full-time job and life to live .
I only have the wee hours of the night to study and attend class and traditional schools do not offer this flexibility .
I read all the bad comments about the school and it saddens me .
I am sure that people have had bad experiences at UOP but students have had bad experiences at every school .
Schedules change , instructors stink , prices rise , etc .
I know the future will only be filled with more students graduating from schools that have flexible schedules and advanced technology that allows them to provide such an atmosphere .
If traditional schools do not jump on the bandwagon they may find themselves short a few students .
Anyway , I loved my experience and my employer is SO happy for me to be graduating and they support UOP degrees 100% .
I will no longer be passed up for a promotion due to not having a degree .
I am more educated and confident now and when I encounter someone who disagrees I will never cower away but stand up for my degree and what I have learned .
My experience at DeVry was one that I would not go through again if I had a second chance .
I would advise those thinking of going to DeVry to do their research on the school first before putting thousands of dollars into DeVry's pockets .
Here's a quick rundown of my experience : 1 ) I had no problem with financial aid , cuz I figured , if DeVry wanted its money they would do everything in their power to get me the loans and grants I needed to pay them . . . which they did .
2 ) The majority of the classes in my particular field , Electronics Engineering Technology , were lacking competent , motivated professors .
The quizzes and tests they give were mostly open book and open notes with questions that were the same as the ones on your notes or book , or very similar to them .
All you had to do was replace old numbers with new ones and you got yourself an A . There were some professors who cared , but not too many .
I would say that the general ed .
professors cared more than the professors in my major .
But what good is that if you want to learn electronics .
There were professors I had who talked bad about DeVry during class , that's when I knew how big of a mistake it was to go to DeVry .
I had no choice , but to stay .
I was getting old and going to a regular college would take too many years .
That's an upside to DeVry , if you pass all your classes you'll be out in 3 years or less , depending on your degree .
3 ) I graduated DeVry Magna Cum Laude , which , if DeVry was tougher on their curriculum and not have professors who give easy As , I can say , I would never have gotten .
I would rather have an average GPA and good intruction , rather than a high one and not learn as much as I should have considering the cost of the school .
Maybe I didn't put enough effort into learning as much as I could .
But imagine what my GPA would of been if I did . . . 4.0 ?
So far its been two very boring years of my life .
I like nothing about Devry actually .
I've been in the executive MBA program at CTU for over a year .
It's a great program .
I've learned a lot .
It is fast-paced and rigorous , but good material that has helped me already in the business world .
I went to one of the best private universities in the country for my B.A . At both schools I've had good and bad professors .
And at both schools , I've got out of the classes what I put into them .
This may be even truer with online classes .
Yes CTU is expensive .
But , so are most other MBA programs .
If they aren't expensive , I'd be worried about their quality .
The text books have been good but again , some better than others .
Online is not the way for everyone .
You have to be motivated to read and study on your own .
You have to be able to figure things out on your own mostly .
I’m now approaching the end of my MBA program with CTU .
I’m very pleased with the course .
The virtual campus and classroom portal have been great .
The classes have been challenging and I’ve learned a lot .
Despite being online and not a traditional campus , I’ve actually made friends with other students through small group projects and discussion boards .
After everything is said and done , I think that the things I’ve learned have helped me to do my job better , and that was the main purpose of my degree .
I wanted to sharpen my business skills through this MBA program and ultimately amplify my career as Offspring’s Vice President of Business Development .
It shocks me that half of the people that degrade this college can hardly type a crappy review without misspellings , errors and just plain stupidity .
Maybe it has nothing to do with your " personal experiences " , maybe you ought to look beyond your crappy day at the student finances office .
As I read through each and everyone of these reviews , the negatives leaned towards stating the exact same crap , while the positives actually made some valid points ( while still including a few negatives ) .
It surprises me that most of you could even pass the CPT , and if you didn't then yes , you are going to learn some remedial crap .
That's the name of the game .
As for everyone that makes a point to say how " Devry is only out for the money " , and I'm forced to paraphrase , since most of these comments were spelled wrong , WELCOME TO COLLEGE .
Do you think that any university is not there for the money ?
Do you think any teacher is not there for the money ?
Do you think the people that work at Yale wake up and say , " Hey , I can't wait to help some students " ?
You are sadly mistaken .
College is about money or it would be free , just like public high schools .
Devry has had an incredible impact on me , and I can only hope that I succeed and graduate .
Maybe if you cracked one of those " over-priced " books once in awhile , you would see that Devry has quite a bit to offer .
I will tell you , I have not seen a price for ONE book that has not been equivalent to the price of books at the community college I attended .
A community college .
Yes , you are thinking what do I know , I only attended a community college .
Well , I may not have experience when it comes to different colleges , but maybe that is your flaw .
Pick something .
Don't crap-talk a school , that I'm sure half of you have either flunked out of , or realized early on that you couldn't cut it in , just because your angry .
I have not once had a problem contacting anyone that I needed to contact .
Maybe you have , but does that mean that the hundred people to your one ( by this I mean you , for the slow folks ) that HAVE been helped have experienced the same problems ?
Try stepping out beyond yourself and look at the bigger picture .
I don't even know why I felt compelled to post , but you all have successfully angered me .
Devry is an incredibly competent school that has taught me more in my first two semesters , than I have learned from 23 years of life .
I'm elated that I was able to experience Devry and cannot wait until I graduate .
Good luck to you and your upper-level management position at Pizza Hut , I hope you prosper .
I am 2/3's through my Masters program and find it very challenging but rewarding .
There is a tremendous amount of work between the DQ's , individual projects and team projects .
The simulations are great and other than one facilitator , I have been more than pleased .
I have never worked so hard , the classes are really condensed into 6 weeks , and the evaluation is tough .
Although the university requires participation 4 out of 7 , the facilitators require content that show intellegent analysis .
The individual projects , often based on simulations , are pertinent to the topic but require you to really think about handling situations .
The team is as good as you make it .
I have been in both good and bad .
Mostly , I have found them rewarding but I always assume it is MY project , so am never disappointed .
Only once did I complain to the facilitator - and I know for a fact the two individuals left on my team were penalized .
I aced the class - but I did the whole paper .
The materials are real world and relevant with significant opportunity to tie in your personal and work experiences .
I have enjoyed the people I have gone to class with and although I have taken some breaks due to my employment reimbursement program - I am still in touch with several of prior classmates from around the GLOBE !
It is what you make it .
You must be very disciplined .
As for financial aid , I have no experience with it .
As for guidance - I have made my own decisions as to when to take a break and when I changed my major .
I am enrolled at CTU Online in thier Masters of Science/Management program .
I am about 75% through the program .
I attended a 2 year and a 4 year brick-and-mortar college to get my Associates and Bachelor's degree .
My experience so far has been positive .
I have only had 1 instructor that was out of his league .
He had only recently entered the IT field and had had his PhD less than 2 years .
He had no practical knowledge of the subject - only textbook knowledge .
After a few conversations with my accademic advisor , the professor was referred to the dean for counseling .
All student's work was submitted to another professor for grading .
The coursework is mostly research papers .
The textbooks help with the foundation and basics of the class , and the research papers help you to expand on that knowledge .
The online class time is bennificial to those not already familiar with the subject matter .
However , those of us that have been in the business environment for a few years can skip the live chat and skim over the transcripts to see if any interesting discussions were held .
Overall , I feel that this program is a good choice for those of us that do not have the time to attend a traditional college and that have put in a few years of work in the business sector .
However , I would not reccomend this to those fresh out of high school , or those who have never held a job .
As far as the high tuition , all online colleges are expensive .
CTU's tuition and fees are in-line with other online colleges that I researched .
The same degree at a brick-and-mortar college would have cost me about $5K less , but I would have had to go longer and drive an hour one way to attend class .
Overall I give CTU a B- .
I just received my MIS in IT Management and I have to say I feel that I accomplished something of personal significance .
Yet , as with any academic institution , there are pros and cons .
My experience :
The Pros : the course sequence in my masters was well-planned .
By the last class , I had a new vocabulary and pretty much the rudiments of a new skill set ( I work in education and had little background in information systems , yet I was able to get up to speed relatively quickly ) .
Most of my fellow program students were sincere , smart , hard working people .
Every now and then , someone would flake out , but this was usually do to things going on in their work/personal lives .
And having worked on professional teams in non-academia , I have not found it to be much differrent .
I would say about 4/5 teachers were competent professionals and hard-working teachers .
That is pretty good for any school in my opinion .
The Cons : The weekly assignments require rigid discipline .
We all had day jobs in the MIS program , and coming home after 10+ hours to spend 1-2 hours writing discussion question answers was not what I would have preferred .
But that's the discipline you accept if you want an advanced degree while you're working .
One or two of my courses were just lousy ( Programming and Project Management--yet I got an A and a B+ respectively , so I'm not saying this out of misplaced resentment ) .
Overall : I think it's worth the money .
But as the wise man said : " Garbage in / garbage out . "
Capella ROCKS ! ! ! ! Take a class .
You will not be disappointed .
UMUC Online and UMUC in Europe have a lot of problems with providing F2F and online education courses , judging from the many student ratings here , on thecomplaintstation , and from internal UMUC docs posted to UMUCDE@yahoogroups.com .
I'd say there's a lot of student disenchantment with UMUC courses and programs , and UMUC administration .
It looks like UMUC could use a housecleaner for ineffective workers , and get in touch with the students who have posted their suggestions .
All the low ratings of UMUC F2F courses , online programs , and administration in Europe have got to be hurting business .
BTW , UMUC's hushing the student group wasn't a very cool thing to do .
I guess they deserve the low ratings .
I have been an online student for two trimesters now and the professors were very good .
At first they seemed a little pompus , but as the trimester continued they were much more helpfull .
I took two classes and I spent more time on reading assignments and homework than I ever did at traditional colleges .
However , I do feel that I learned the material better .
The insight coaches were also great .
The only problem I had was the fact that financial aid called every week of the trimester and still screwed my bill up .
It was easily corrected by my advisor , but it upset me greatly .
The school has a good name and from the instructors I had they deserve it . . .
This is an honest assessment of the UoP : I graduated from the University of Phoenix in 2005 with a Bachelor of Science in IT .
I did the first 2 years of my Bachelor's Degree at a community college , but after deciding that I didn't have the cash to complete my course of study in this manner ( traveling to and from school and working full time ) , I decided to go with an online college...the University of Phoenix .
To be completely honest , I was extremely disappointed with the University from many aspects .
The instructors give students a passing grade for a minimum amount of work , and are overly lenient with their grading .
I learned so much more at the the community colleges that I attended ; the standards were higher , and the professors were so much more dedicated to being teachers - not just paid staff .
I would not recommend the University of Phoenix to anyone that is seriously interested in learning .
Take it from someone that has already obtained a degree from this institution...it's not worth the money for the degree , or the piece of paper that it's printed on .
If you want an easy degree with little work , low standard , and sub-standard assessments,(i.e . an easy pass ! ) , then go with The University of Phoenix .
If you want to actually learn something , stick with a state school or the community college .
At least the instructors at these institutions aren't getting paid on commission , or by the number of students that pass their subjects .
I am currently enrolled at UOP-online for my Bachelor's .
I picked UOP because I wanted to earn my degree , but I have to work and take care of a family .
I will be graduating in June of 2005 so I have taken many classes at UOP .
All of my teachers were excellent with the exception of two .
They responded with weekly feedback every week and offered great support and help when needed .
All of my teachers have pointed out both my strengths and weaknesses which help me at my current job .
I have received good grades at UOP , but I work hard to receive them .
I don't know how people can say they hand out A's .
It is a lot of work , but it is beneficial and I enjoy the experience .
The academic and financial advisors are not the most prompt in getting back to you .
I must say that is the major downfall of the University .
Like any school , you either like it or you hate it .
I attended a four year college and I didn't like it at all and the price was not much cheaper !
If you are a dedicated , self-motivated person this is the school for you .
If you need hand holding and a babysitter I would try somewhere else .
I'm going to Valdosta U in GA .
Your courses get called off too many times .
I don't know how those 52 admirals and generals yu all brag about ever got a UMUC degree since your courses get called off so often .
Oh yeah , I wasn't too crazy about the quality of your professors .
UMUC was much better 3 or 4 year ago , but those people have moved on to better lives , better jobs , or whatever .
My last UMUC course did not meet the course description and goals , and it was a second choice bcause the first choice got called off .
I don't want to take your DE courses , and don't like being pushed in that direction .
See you in Valdosta !
My friends say it's pretty good there .
Steve , Germany .
I have a question for you guys .
I am considering going to Devry to further my education in either ECT , CET , or CIS while still in active duty in the US Navy .
I'm an Aviation Electronics Technician , and I currently have 7 years experience working with electronic / mission systems , radar , micro-electronics , test benches , aircraft electronics and systems , etc , etc , - my question is...I have read that DeVry isn't so well suited for a " first degree " ( ie , someone right out of high school ) .
By the time I get out of the Navy , I'll have 10 years work experience in the electronics / computer field .
I realize I still need an education to get a decent job , and was thinking that a degree from DeVry would fit with my work experience more than a standard Electrical Engineering , or Computer Science degree from a traditional college .
Keep in mind that money is not an issue for me , however time is a constraint .
I'm a father / husband and need to keep supporting my family and go to school .
This is the other reason devry sounds appealing .
What do you guys think ?
I would appreciate everyones opinion .
Is it better to get a traditional degree in EE / CS that doesn't really fit well with my previous work experience , or go to DeVry and get a degree in ECT , CET ( or maybe CIS ) that fits relatively better in regards to my work experience ?
Thanks in Advance : )
I just started taking courses toward an MBA Degree at UoP , and I have to say I'm already disappointed .
I made the mistake of upsetting one of my , supposedly professional , professors and he took it upon himself to find reasons to second guess every decision I made .
I know myself , and I know my weaknesses .
I don't shy away from an opportunity to work on my weaknesses , but it's hard when you try , and the best constructive criticism you can get is " I don't like the way this is written .
Redo it and get it to me by 11:59 . "
That's not teaching , it's micro managing and helping others to develop a habit of regurgitation .
Anyone can feed you things to say in the form of " here's what I want you to say , and here's how you should say it " , but that's not the reality of a leading professional .
You will never get ahead by planning to say one step behind .
I've made the decision to attend another institution , and I recommend you do the same before you waste your hard earned money .
I have recently enrolled in UOP online/flexnet .
The experience is a joke .
I am pursuing an accounting degree and have attended community college for two years .
THe first class is a breeze just to get you used to the format of the class .
I checked on my next 3 classes and there was absolutely nothing relevant to accounting besides the importance and history .
The textbooks I read through reminded me of a history or english class .
Anybody who takes the time to do the work will get an A . Grades should be determined by attendance , effort , and skills learned .
Not attendance and effort .
Learning to write essays on the importance of accounting is ridiculous , and I believe that a person who hopes to gain knowledge of accounting and be able to have a career in the accounting field should steer clear of UOP .
UOP disgraces academics by collecting tuition from students and giving useless information for working adults which will only teach the adults how to write reports .
I am a student in Axia College of University of Phoenix , and about to enter my second block of classes .
I must say that I was very skeptical of this school .
However , when it all came down to what I could do , UOP was it .
I work full time and take care of a child .
So , anything with a set schedule was out for me .
I spent months researching different online schools ( I'm glad I did because I almost called ITT Tech ! ) .
I used student reviews to make my decision , as students are the most qualified to judge .
When browsing reviews , please take time to pay attention to the grammar and spelling of those writing them .
This can give you great incite into how qualified they were to enter college to begin with .
Those who say that the grading is too lenient are right , but you must consider other factors .
Depending on your major , getting an easy " A " in English isn't cheating you out of anything .
In other classes , such as those that deal with specific subjects not studied in K-12 , you must study to get a good grade .
There is no easy " A " when dealing with a subject that is not used in your everyday life .
You must also be self motivated and willing to work .
Your teachers will not call you and email you every five minutes when an assignment is due .
Since classes at Axia are not like traditional class rooms , you must be willing to learn on your own .
While there are class discussions , the only way to really get anything out of it is to spend time by yourself and learn .
One last thing I would like to add is that I have never read a review from an UOP graduate that had trouble finding a job because of where they got there degree .
I took a few courses at Capella and found it to be a substandard experience .
Capella is nothing but a diploma mill .
Yes , I've seen some people complete both master's and doctoral programs there ; however , these people had little , if any , experience in the real world and had very little to contribute to course discussions .
After my poor experience with Capella University , I would not recommend it to anyone who desires a real education - find a traditional school for that .
When you met a Capella graduate , ask them just what their experiences were before they completed their program - often , you will find that they have almost no real world experience .
If you want to buy a degree , Capella may be your choice , if you want an education , find someplace else .
You're lying my friend got an " A " on the knowledge check test and missed none .
She showed me her knowledge check test and I saw it with my own eyes .
So , you should want to consider telling the truth next time ?
Just because you can't pass the knowledge check tests doesn't give you the right to lie about people not making above a D+ . Pay attention to your classes and actually read the e-books .
I too experienced CTU as an instructor for one and only one semester .
I thought they were only concerned about making money and not the education .
I was told by the Dean that there was too many A's in my classes .
He worried about accreditation .
So I graded my students much harder and the complaints and threats started .
One student called me at 5:00 am to yell at me about his last grade .
Another who appeared to be unstable sent me 4 E-mails in the duration of a day with threats and told me what a lousy instructor I was .
I sent all the messages to the dean , he was absolutely useless and did nothing .
He kept lying to me about taking care of things and he wanted me back the next semester .
One night online all of these students ganged up on me about there grades .
Students dont usually .
I teach at 3 other institutions to this day and I am an Associate Dean at another online Institution .
According to the Dean I was scheduled to teach the next round of courses , the classes even appeared in my ID .
A week before the end of the semester the courses disappeared out of my ID , I figured as much with the amount of students whining about their grades .
I turned in the final grades and never heard back from them .
I would not want to work for such a two-faced , deceptive organization again .
All they care about is money , not education .
I followed the Deans directions and order to teach this course .
I have never been treated with such disrespect by students .
For the time , effort , and threats it was not worth it to me .
Dr . M
Instructors are serious about helping with questions .
There is a lot of dialogue among the students and among the instructors and at least two live sessions per week with instructors .
Great follow up on finding employment opportunities .
Went to capella for my masters in general psych and am attending now for my ph.d in the same program .
I plan to get my license ( in California ) to practice psychology .
I find the process challenging , the teachers good , and the courses expensive .
My only gripe about the program is that it's not APA approved , a process that takes any school a few years to accomplish .
I know personally that Capella is rapidly attempting to gain APA accreditation .
The APA approval won't affect me ( most states do not require APA approval for licenser ) but I'd still rather have it for credibility .
Then again , I plan to open a private practice and have blue cross send me most of my paitients .
Most pt's don't care where you went to school , so long as it's accredited and you have your license .
I seem to have the personality that really matches online courses ( self-discipline , ability to manage time , basic computing skills , rather introverted ) .
If you're considering Capella ( or any online institution ) do yourself a favor and take an online course at your local community college .
If you seem to do well in that format , you'll know that online learning might be for you .
What I like about capella is that they are rapidly working to increase their prestige .
Mark my words , in a few years , haveing a masters will be as important as having a bachelors , and many people who don't want to commute or already have roots in a small town not close to a major U will opt for the online route .
At that point , Capella will become much , much more selective , which will then increase its prestige .
Might just make it the ivy of the online format .
Those interested in Capella might also want to check out Walden and Fielding .
Do not look to the U . of Pheonix or devry-- which have horrible reputations .
The site www.capellauniversitysucks.us/ is written by one disgruntled ex-student kicked out for making abusive comments during an online course .
Take the whole site with a massive grain of salt .
ACTUAL Rating 2.5 - An honest review from a graduate
Today is my last day of class with UOP Online and I will finally have my bachelors .
If you are cosidering attending UOP Online you should read this .
During my 5 year treck to obtain my degree , I have attended UOP Online and my local community college both at the school and some online classes .
First UOP has the online learning down pretty good compared to my local community college .
They no longer use outlook express ( which wasn't bad in the first place ) but now have an " ok " web interface .
The electronic books you are forced to purchase are way over priced and very hard to use effectively .
The quality of education you receive REALLY depends on what you put into it .
You can learn a lot from UOP Online if you put in the effort .
However , my big gripe is that if you don't put in the effort , you can still pass .
I was out of UOP Online for a year while I attended my local community college to save some money .
When I came back I just happened to get into a class with a lady that I had major problems with in previous classes .
She basically didn't do her work in the teams that UOP Online requires .
Well she was still up to her old tricks : " Sorry I'm so late on doing my work , my DSL was out " .
She is only a few classes away from graduating .
UOP Online puts 30% of your grade on team assignments .
These assignments are worthless past the first few classes .
After that all you learn is that too many people don't do their work and you are required to pick up the slack .
Trust me , I work in teams every day at work and these " team assignments " are nothing like the real world .
What they do teach you is just how stressed out you can get every couple of weeks .
The cost of the education is expensive .
However , on the other hand I would not have been able to complete my degree at all if I was forced to attend a brick and morter school because of my busy work schedule .
It took me nearly a year and a half to get 9 credits from my local community college because I couldn't fit their schedule into mine .
With UOP Online I work on my schedule which was the only reason I did it .
I never had real problems with the staff and they always did their jobs and always called back .
On the other hand I never felt that UOP cared about anything other than my checkbook .
My biggest problem with UOP is not the staff , quality of education or price , it is the fact that they have turned the degree that I have worked so hard for into an almost embarrassment for me to admit to .
Their years of spamming people and online ads on nearly every web site you vist have degraded the image of the University severely .
This site is full of disgruntled students and obvious UOP staff posting comments .
Anyone that would rate UOP Online with 5 stars is not being truthful .
On the other hand almost anyone that has legitmately attended the university and worked hard would not in good faith rate it a 1 .
My advise ?
If you are young and just out of high school go to a traditional university .
If you are like me ( 30 something ) and need a degree and some education , UOP Online ( or another online school ) could be for you .
But be careful with UOP Online , they have really given themselves a bad reputation and no amount of 5 start postings will make up for it .
I am a recent UOP graduate now heading into my Master's degree program .
First let me say , some may think that UOP's credits are not transferrable , but to the contrary , the reason why some colleges refuses to accept the university's degree is simply out of intimidation .
Their motives are to simply discourage people from attending the UOP because traditional colleges are losing grounds to colleges such as the UOP .
As a matter of fact , many colleges/universities are now adopting to the UOP way of teaching by trying to make education more accommdating to working adults such as myself .
Secondly , the myth about people not ever getting anything less than a C is strictly hear say , just ask the few students I know who has had to repeat their courses because of failed grades and slacking off .
ALthough the team environment may seem to be discouraging , I have had incidents where professors were notified of an individual's lack of participation and having seen that individual fail or have grades lowered for those same reasons .
Now I may not be an online student , as I've attended all but one of my classes in a regular classroom setting , but I have had to take one class online and it was not easy .
I worked my butt off and received pre-class emails and regular feedbacks from my professor .
As UOP was NOT the only college that I've attended , I can safely say that there were no differences between meeting my academic requirements between the universities .
I've also interviewed with many employers only to find that some of those managers were UOP graduates as well .
I believe that if the University of Phoenix was such a bad school as some try to implicate , many organizations , including the military would not invest their monies into sending their personnel their for educational enrichment .
I say that there will always be negative remarks about any college you attend .
As they say , you can please some of the people but not all .
I had a terrific experience with my Masters Program although some classes seemed too short .
I learned a lot and worked hard .
I found it harder than going to classes from what I remember .
Lots of weekly assignments .
I want to know if I should go to a community college or devry I don't know which one is better .
I am x-military so I get the GI Bill so money is not an issue for me plus I am in the reserves .
I want a program in CET or Game and Simulation Programming , I was going to go to ITT-Tech , but I heard that school is horrible and it's not accredited .
So should I stick to a community college and get my computer science degree then transfer to a 4 year school , or just go to devry and stick to their programs .
I keep hearing " Yeah you should go " and " Nah , You shouldn't go its not a good school " .
I will be starting online classes through the University of Phoenix in just a week and I have to admit that I am very nervous after evrything that I have read , so I decided to do some research of my own .
My biggest concern was the way that employers would view my degree .
So I asked a career counsler at a former school that I attended .
( a traditional school by the way ) and was told that many online degrees are considered useless by employers but certain schools like The University of Phoenix and a few others are just as respected as any other degree .
In fact they are becoming so popular that employers that dont consider aplicants with online degrees are having trouble finding employees .
I was also warned that getting an online degree did involve a lot more work and a lot more self discipline .
Its not going to be easy .
I emailed a staffing agency as well .
The told me that most companies have no issues with an online degree from an accredited school .
Infact there are a few companies that prefer them because of the self disipline that is required to graduate .
They also told me that there are some companies that are uncomfortable with hiring an aplicant with this type of degree .
Usualy because of a bad experience with one employee who ruined it for the evryone else , or the company is run by an older generation that does not understand or accept change .
They wished me the best of luck and told me that they would love for me to aply once I recieved my degree .
Ok , now that I've stated the facts , I'll give you my opinion .
If an emplyer would not consider an aplicant because they dont understand the hard work , dedication , and self-disipline that you put into earning your degree , then they are not a very forward thinking company and are probably not the type of company you would want to work for .
There are still some things that concern me , like the financial aid issues that I have read about and the problems with the team assinments .
But I have spoken to my financial aid counsler and she has been very helpful so far .
I guess I will just have to keep my fingers crossed and hope that i get a good team that is as dedicated as I am .
And If I dont then hopeful I will learn how to deal with a crappy team in case it ever comes up in the workplace .
My advice is to do your own reaserch .
Call or email companies that you would aply with once you recieve your degree .
Ask them yourself what there opinion is on online degrees .
UOP will accept anybody , regardless of their reading/ writing ability etc . Whereas , a traditional or even a community college always has some type of placement exams to see where you stand .
UOP is just in it for the money so they will accept anyone .
I took some classes there and was appalled at how some of the students in my " class " could not even write a sentence correctly .
If you want a degree just to say you have one , and want to pay big bucks for it , this is the place for you .
However , if you want any type of actual education , stay away .
UOP is a joke !
I am a recent graduate with a Master's degree from Capella University .
There is no doubt in my mind that an education from Capella is a high-quality one .
Every single course I took was challenging and educational ( I took four years worth of courses , having changed my focus throughout that time ) .
The requirements and demands are rigorous .
There is barely a time throughout each course in which you feel you can just slow down ; be thankful for your two-week break between each course !
I'll admit that before beginning my education at Capella , I did not think online learning would be that difficult ; in fact , I think I assumed it WOULD be easy .
I was wrong ; I assure you , online learning at Capella was the most difficult form of education I have undergone !
It is almost completely self-learning ; and to those of you who are " unlearned " in the art of self-learning , there is nothing passive or lazy about it .
By the end of each course , I would look back at the coursework I completed , and would be so amazed at the ground covered and the knowledge gained .
Is everything perfect , all of the time ?
Well , what can you say IS ?
As far as quality education , they do not skimp .
Most instructors are very involved and available ; and you interact more with peers than what might be required in traditional brick and mortar .
I will say , I often did miss the physical interactions that a brick and mortar education offers ; and you do have to be prepared for the " silence " ( which , by the way , was maddening to me at first ) .
But you do adapt ; and I was actually quite thankful that I could attain such a thorough education in the comfort of my own home .
Online learning , if one has not done it , brings up a few misconceptions among people .
Talk to those who HAVE done it before you make a decision .
Blessings !
I currently attend Devry and my first 2 teachers are excellent so far .
They are helpful and knowledgeable .
I know I could a a couple of lousy ones in the future , but that happens in every college .
My experience has been a very positive one and I hope it stays that way .
I've just started CTU a year ago and I was appalled at what I've been reading .
It's bad enough that we go through all sort of obstacles in life , now I see people downing my school .
I love CTU and it has to have thousands of people joining for a reason everyone isn't dumb .
It's a for profit university and of course it will have sales or account executives...duh !
I have yet to experience all the bull that you are claiming to have went through .
Lightened up , if you use to work there move on get another job and God will bless you .
Peace Out
I would just like to say that I am just now enrolling to the UoP and I am most excited .
I am a single mother that works full time .
I have a degree in Aerospace Engineering and I must say , it doesn't take a rocket scientist to know that school ( ANY school ) is what you make of it .
I received my bachelor's from Georgia Tech , which is ranked 2nd in the country for my undergraduate degree .
But with it's high rank and notable reputation , the students there are miserable and terribly unhappy .
Many are even deterred from their field by the experiences they had at the school .
However , I can say that though my experience was not always what I wanted , I made the best out of it .
There were students who cheated their way through GT and swore that was the only way to survive it .
There were students who received A's in classes that they didn't learn a single thing in , but flunked classes they learned the most in .
I personally never cheated and I made a personal effort to learn in every class , no matter what .
You can only get out what you put in .
To me , what made my experience at GT so difficult is that it is not geared in any fashion for the non-traditional student .
It was hard for me to work the amount of hours that I needed to work to support myself and my child AND go to class , which were only offered during the daytime .
Though I have not taken a class with UoP , I have rated it a 5 star because I think it's providing students like myself with a great opportunity to further their education without compromising their careers or family lives .
I am going into the education field , and I am grateful for the UoP for offering a program that will allow me to teach , raise my child , AND get a Masters .
Can't beat that !
WOW ! All the negative stuff about CTU , amazing !
Listen , I am going to give all of you the skinney on CTU .
CTU is part business , part college , as is any university .
With that said , you will get the sales pitch to feel warm and fuzzy about enrolling , however college has become big business and CTU is no different .
They want your money !
Does that mean they are crooks , no ! CTU has a different pitch than your normal brick and motar , Brick and motar concern themsleves less with the student and more with the parents wallet .
Young children systematically fill out customary loan applications FASA and standard forms and mom and dad are hustled by the financial aid .
At CTU they deal with older students mainly on there own .
That's the difference the students feel the sting of payments and sales calls and bills .
CTU is accredited , thats all that matters !
Your potential job rarely cares about if your degree is from ST . Mary's school for the blind or MIT .
The only difference is highly technical jobs or important jobs .
They might care about where you graduated , other than that no one cares !
You think some social worker job in some city gives a damn if you went to So Cal or CTU ?
No they just need somebody degreed to fill a seat !
If you are applying to NASA dont go to CTU ! CTU fills a void for alot of older college dropouts needing to get a degree in a world that is flooded with schools sticking there nose up in the air to give the appereance that they offer something better !
Hogwash !
CTU is a good school , that's easy , accredited and fairly affordable .
About 8000.00 a year .
That's not bad compared to others .
If you want a degree that is respectable in the world of online colleges , CTU is better than most , atleast CTU is a brick and motar school and has been for over 40years .
They do hastle you about money , but they also give you a degree that is recognized by employer's that's all you want isn't it ?
Go to CTU and don't worry so much about the negative comments , every school has it's drawbacks .
I once went to a school that had one room with two classes in it at the same time , I kid you not !
They had dividers in the middle that wouldnt close off the track and we could listen in on both classes !
So dont knock CTU , I drink beer and go to class , no bad !
I've had a great experience at UMUC .
Being a military member , the online classes take away the stress of full time job and F2F classes .
I didn't experience any bad customer service and was very pleased with practor exams which I had to take while I was deployed .
Online classes are indepth and the quality of the education is very good .
UOP is a sham - I took several classes - hoping they would get better but they never did - you post to bulletin boards - answer questions as if you were on some inane AOL chat room and 5 weeks later you get three credits .
I really think they should have their accreditation pulled .
One of the worst things about Capella is that it doesn't integrate technology into its courses .
There are no Power Point slides , no telecourses , no video feeds or rental tapes , etc .
In fact , all you can expect to do at Capella is read and write ( in the traditional , visually unappealing , and very boring way ) .
There is actually very little teaching going on , except for what you are teaching yourself through your own efforts ( reading and writing ) .
You can expect to learn more from your fellow classmates than any instructor teaching at Capella .
At least that has been my experience and I have taken 6 classes with 6 different instructors .
Whatever you choose to write about in your discussion posts is fine .
There are no corrections in your thought process or interpretations because there is no teaching going on .
They make you use APA but it doesn't matter .
Why ?
Because if you get your grammar and punctuation wrong , no one bothers to correct it .
Again , there is no teaching going on .
I just don't understand why quality instruction can't be provided by a university with no actual campus and high tuition rates .
Can't somebody please summarize and highlight the important points in my text through , say for example , a slide presentation ?
How nice the staff and administration are is secondary to getting a proper and useful education .
Don't you think ?
I am quite honestly appauled by some of the negative comments given for Capella University on this website .
I graduated with a PhD in Psychology last year and was offered numerous job offers just prior to completion .
Capella U has incredible faculty in the Harold Abel School of Psychology .
My mentor and the rest of my dissertation committee were absolutely fantastic .
I have absolutely no complaints about the entire PhD journey and highly recommend this school .
Class material is weak , instructors worse .
Screwed up financial aid .
I'm in my second block of classes , and to be perfectly honest the classes are way way too easy .
I was enrolled at my local community college for one semester , and decided to transfer to UoP because it would be more convenient .
Staff I would rate a 3/5 , they are courteous , but can take a long time to respond .
Grading I rate a 0/5 , they grade much too easily , I have never been good at english , I'm a math/science person , I have failed english and writing courses several times , and I got a 96% at the end of the semester .
The grading is TOO LENIENT !
I don't know about transfering the credits out , but I am going to check into it soon at the community college , sacrificing a good education for convenience is just not worth it for me .
But for all those out there that wish to have a degree that is worth less than a real degree , " to each his own "
The University of Phoenix for me has been just great !
I've complied with everything told to me ( very important ) , done my own research ( very important ) and have never in my life expected everything to be spoon fed to me , so this school has been just fine in my book !
I can't go to school " in real life " because I am too far away from any campus ( I'm talking 50-100 miles ) and have a job in management which takes up 50-60 hours of my week , so this was the perfect opportunity for me .
As far as I can ascertain , stories of Phoenix applicants being turned away are just silly .
At the end of the day , if you're sitting in an interview and flunk it because you're not who they're looking for , then why not look a little deeper than blaming an outside source ?
I wouldn't want to work for any company shallow enough to be prejudiced against a degree from a certain establishment over one from another , anyway , as money's not important to me other than the basics essential for survival .
Personally , I'm not doing this degree only to earn a higher wage .
On the financial side of things , I've been dealt with very well .
I've asked lots and lots of questions and been given lots of answers , and everything's been on time so far .
My financial aid was processed in good time , the grants and loans in good time , and my disbursement in good time .
The people I've spoken to have been friendly and kind , and knowledgeable .
The instructors have been mixed , but as others have said , that's to be expected .
You know what ?
When I graduate , having done so much off my own back , I'll be damn proud of myself , too .
Put that in your pipe and smoke it !
I hired an employee who was " earning " a Masters degree from the University of Phoenix .
This person was incapable of writing a coherent sentence or of displaying basic analytical skills .
Yet I would hear this person gleefully talking about the latest A she earned in her Phoenix course work .
If this is the academic rigor required by this for-profit school then they are producing a product from an apparent diploma mill .
I will never again hire someone who claims to have a degree from the University of Phoenix .
The university does a fine job of providing distance graduate education .
Some argue it to be a diploma mill without understanding the facts of the school .
Its fully accreditited by the Higher Learning Commission , the same regional accreditation body that certifies the Air Force Academy , the University of Chicago , Indiana University , Kent State , Purdue and a host of others .
It suffered some growing pains as any organization with its growth rate would , and perhaps it didn't manage its quality with as much perfection as one would have hoped ; but its nothing like the University of Phoenix in terms of being oversized or targeting a lowest common denominator .
Those who can't write well or conduct proper research fail to finish the program .
They can't pass their comps , and they can't complete their dissertations .
Anyone who wants evidence of the quality of a Capella graduate can either stand by for the stories of their success to come , or read the published research completed by these students available at http://wwwlib.umi.com/dissertations/search/advanced/school and enter Capella .
Its a fine school , with over 70% of the faculty terminally degreed , and it gives the chance for bright , hard working , non-traditional students to prove themselves from anywhere in the world .
There are soldiers in Iraq working nights on their degrees at Capella .
Nothing wrong with that .
Those with sour grapes couldnt cut it , have an ax to grind , and are devoting their time to smearing the school .
Naturally , if you want to devote your time and talent to a traditional graduate degree program then go for it .
Its a noble undertaking .
Its a proven honor .
If youre a working professional or at a point in your life where you cant sacrifice the time to return to a brick and mortar environment for several years but still think you have what it takes to contribute to academia and earn your credentials , right now Capella is probably the best choice you have .
On-line education is here to stay .
Its the 21st century after all .
It seems to me that there is a very large margin of opinion about CTU .
I would think that it is hard to manage a school with so many students all over the world .
I had both great and horrible experiences while attending .
I am currently deciding if I should continue my BSBA or find another school .
The biggest problem I had was dealing with the professors that I could not understand at all .
Their accent was so thick , I didn't know what they were saying half the time .
If you don't pick up the book and use it then the professors can usually tell .
Trying to slip by with out actually doing the work may help get you by , but not with a decent grade .
I had some issue with a professor not even grading the work we turned in .
Every thing was a scam and they did email us to let us know .
They gave me a passing grade and called it good , and that is a big red flag .
After that I withdrew , but I did have some great experiences with many professors also .
In all , I would say that I had an equally good and bad time attending .
I do believe that majority of the time you get what you put into the degree .
Most companies are not going to outsource to someone who has never worked for them and has no idea how they operate from within to be the manager over everyone .
You should start from the bottom like everyone else does , and get your degree to keep ahead .
PLEASE , do not enroll in the University of Phoenix Online .
I wish I had read reviews prior to getting sucked in . . .
Sucking you into enrollment is just about the ONLY thing this school is good at .
I have taken 8 classes toward my B.S . in Business Management .
I will tell you firsthand this school DOES not care about your education...only the money you give them .
I attended Purdue University for two years , so I understand that going to a large college can sometimes make you feel like a number , but this is a totally different experience .
The financial aid counselors are completely inept at fully explaining my tuition to me .
I have NEVER been so confused by financial aid .
I have had 3 counselors since I started and lots of problems .
The only time I hear from them is when I owe them money .
Good luck trying to get someone to call you back any other time .
What they are doing should be illegal .
PLEASE !
I know you want to finish school and this appears to be a convenient way to do it , but you will only have more headaches , I promise !
I have been researching this school ever since I started having problems and there are just way too many students out their with the same claims .
PLEASE !
Do not waste your time and money !
I am now $15,000 into it , with one year to go .
I regret every minute of it .
You will not learn anything that you can't read a book at the library and learn .
( I only give them one star , because I had to . )
The education system is top range BUT administration , IT and finance are quite messy though .
My experience was similar to surprised's from June of 2007 .
I'm a somewhat embittered former doctoral level Capella learner who earned a 3.76 GPA through my masters with another institution , a 3.933 GPA all through the doctoral coursework with Capella , and who had no problem passing the comps at Capella the first time around .
What was my experience during the dissertation process ?
A lack of oversight from my mentor resulting in many mis-steps and dead ends , months of delays in the development of my proposal because of the same , and a continuously-frustrating lack of " connect " between the guidelines that Capella's School of Human Services provided at the time , and what my committee was even aware of-in the end I withdrew out of frustration .
I will likely always regret withdrawing , and I know I'll regret not earning my doctorate .
I honestly , though , saw no end to the frustration .
After it all , and as an educator in a public school district ( K-12 ) , I have a very hard time understanding how anyone could be willing to accept anything less than excellence from an institution that charges $50,000+ for an educational program .
If anyone has had a similar experience , please send me an e-mail at searchinglearner@juno.com , I'd be interested in comparing notes .
I have attended Axia for almost a year ( I'm getting an associates in IT ) .
I took a two-week break and I'm about to enter my fifth block of classes .
I did a lot of research before enrolling and UoP seemed to be the only thing that was going to work for me .
I have a young daughter and I work .
I work from home as a phone sex operator because any other job I could possibly get right now wouldn't pay for daycare and be worth keeping .
I , too was a little leery of UoP because of its reputation .
The more I searched , I realized that UoP was the only thing that was going to work with my current situation .
I figured that a degree from a school with a bad reputation is better than no degree at all , so I enrolled .
First of all , the enrollment counselors can be a little aggressive .
I sent a request for information online and when the enrollment counselor called me , she tried to sign me up before answering any of my questions .
This is where you have to be a little aggressive yourself .
The first two classes were horrible .
They were classes that just got you used to the online learning environment .
For people who are not used to computers or Internet forums , these classes would be great .
I found them to be a waste of time and money .
At the same time though , any college you attend , online or on campus will make you take classes you don't like in a degree program .
My academic and financial advisers have only changed once and do a much better job than the first ones .
Anytime I have a question they are very quick to answer and try to help whenever they can .
One thing you must understand about this school is that no one will hold your hand and make sure you do your work .
You must be self-motivated .
Between work and the baby , I have to put myself on a schedule so that I do not procrastinate with my work but it is well worth it .
There is a lot of reading material and sometimes the work can be more tedious than challenging .
Since this school is the only one ( that I know of anyway ) to let anyone attend with only a high school diploma or GED , you will have idiots in your class room with you .
I am not bothered by that at all .
Someone else's lack of education does not hinder my efforts in the least .
No one is asking you to be friends with them , just reply to their discussion question posts .
I have personally learned a lot from Axia .
The only thing I was concerned with was the reputation .
If this is your concern , there is no need to be .
Apollo group does have a bad reputation based on business practices but those practices have nothing to do with the quality of education offered by Axia or UoP .
I have talked to employers and looked at job applications for various IT positions and the only concern is that you have a degree .
Most of them don't really care where it came from .
If I were in a position to attend school on-campus , I would .
I wouldn't rule UoP out for on-campus studies either .
I would recommend UoP to anyone who needs to get a degree from home .
Avoid this institution if you are a Canadian student ! ! ! !
They know that Revenue Canada will not accept their courses for tax purposes but do not tell that to the students .
I found out the hard way when trying to collect my tax form after already taking many courses .
Both my financial advisor and academic advisor knew this but had not told me .
They are all about the money at UOP .
The courses were easy and professors quite good , but the support staff is very weak once they have you enrolled .
Devry ! ? what the hell was i thinking ?I graduate in Febuary and I felt I paid to much for a high school diploma .
This online university is just that .
It fits my schedule , I don't have to be logged in at any particular time and I get EXCELLENT customer sevice .
The professors e-mail you , the school checks in to be sure you're ok with the next set of courses .
AND they share their experiences about the classes they've had and what you might be going into .
This is what an online univerisity experience is all about .
To put the icing on the cake they are regionally accredited !
Job Well Done , Jones !
Let Me Admit first off : Devry U Should adopt a stricter Admittance policy .
With A GOOD GPA you will be in demand .
Dont fool yourself : ALL UNIVERSITIES ARE FOR PROFIT ( WITHOUT QUESTION )
I am currently attending Devry University and I am having a great time .
I am totally committed to this UNIVERSITY and my studies .
The classes are great , with a relatively small number of students per class .
The Professors make me feel like I am family or a good friend .
I attended Monmouth University ( Very Good School ) for a degree in EE many years ago before they dumped the program for Software Engineering ( EE was not making money for them ) .
I can confess that the difference is like Night and Day .
At Devry I get Lots of Labs to reinforce the theory ; at Monmouth University I get lots of theory but few labs ( I need Labs , I am not good with theory only ; I need to see the pictures , YOU KNOW WHAT I MEAN ) .
At Devry University the Professors go out of there way to make you understand the material giving you extra time to absorbed the concepts ( Naturally you have to show interest and willingness to learn ) .
Here is an Example :
At Monmouth University
I had 2 semesters in Digital Electronics and One semester in Microcontrollers w/ Assembler language ( Solid ) with 1 senior project for a Microcontroller Car )
At DeVry University
I Get 2 Solid Semesters of Digital ( Learned Twice As much including CPLDs and FPGAs ( mastery ) ) another 2 Solid Semester of Microcontrollers ( Assembler and C/C++ ) .
AND 4 PROJECTS ALONG THE WAY
All this in the first 2 Years alone ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
With More Microprocessors to come in the 2nd half of a Bachelors
This is exactly what I am looking for and maybe you are too .
ALL UNIVERSITIES ARE FOR PROFIT ( WITHOUT QUESTION )
This supposedly military friendly school scammed me .
CTU was extremely helpful at first and I enjoyed the classes while at the same time was challenged by them .
One complaint I have is that I was put into a program where I was not allowed to choose my classes .
It may have changed but there was a preset list of classes I had to take despite already having credit in some of them .
I had multiple units in Computer Science and Networking as I had been doing it in the military for 6 years at the time .
CTU was still trying to get me to take 101 .
After about 2 semesters , I was deployed to an area without internet access because of military duties .
Since classes already started , CTU told me they would extend me so that I could complete the classes and get credit once I got back .
What they failed to tell me is in order to extend , I also had to be enrolled in the next semester .
By the time I got back from my deployment , I had racked up 2 full time semesters worth of fees and no credits to show for it .
I called the school to explain the situation I was in and thought it was taken care of .
When I enrolled in another school , they even released my transcripts which isn't supposed to happen if you owe them money .
Next thing I know , there's a letter in the mail from a collection agency saying I still owe CTU the money .
This is 3 years later .
They NEVER contacted me in that whole 3 year period .
If you can complete the program without problems or having to take any breaks , go for it .
Just be sure to read between the lines in dealing with any school belonging to Career Education Corporation .
There are several under federal investigation .
Read this : http://www.cbsnews.com/stories/2005/01/31/60minutes/main670479.shtml
If you are a veteran , go to American Military University ( AMU ) .
In my personal opinion , the experience with AMU has been much more satisfying .
Up until now I was a big advocate of the way in which CTU finally started to get there act together .
However , recently in an attempt to pocket more money they have now switched all the students books to e-books .
They still charge the student the same cost as it would be for a hard cover .
Problem is this , half the time the books are not avaliable , you need to login everytime you need the books and half the chapters are missing .
The other change is these so called " Knowledge tests " .
These exams now are injected after each assighment .
They are tests that are suppose to test your knowledge of the topics discussed .
'NOT TRUE " you will not get above a D+ on these tests .
They typically ask you questions that are not in the books , not in any of the teachings or anywhere in CTU's library .
CTU was on the right track but have now gone down hill .
Chatting with other students , many have intentions of dropping out to pursue other university's .
CTU gets a huge amount of money and one has to ask for what . ?
If your considering a online college , I would advise you to stay away from CTU , too many changes that are not for the good of the student but for the college to make more profit .
Sometimes I think they have these tests so that students flunk and then have to pay to take the course again .
I am very upset to hear about all of the unhappy experiences at the school .
I am a recent grad BSN and was considering going on for my MSN online .
Has anyone finished the program and have you had trouble in the job market ?
I am currently enrolled in CTU .
I had attended Fresno State University and being a mother of two it was very difficult to attend on time every day .
I found CTU as a great alternative .
If you don't mind the cost of tuition , it is a bit pricey and take into consideration , if you are used to receiving a generous financial aid payout , be prepared , financial aid , i.e pell grant and student loans , will be all absorbed by CTU .
I qualify for the maximum financial aid , so I receive pell grant and student loans for the amount of $14,791 just $250 shy of the tuition for the year .
( Thank goodness I only need 15 months of school to receive my bachelor's degree ) .
I pocketed around $6600 from my financial aid and student loans per semester at Fresno State and it was great but I had to ATTEND school everyday and it was getting to be impossible with my children .
My son is in elementary school but I was having to pay $400 a month for daycare for my 2 year old daughter at the time .
I still received quite a bit after that $6600 minus $1600 but it is still so much better to be able to attend classes online .
Just keep in mind that you will not receive any extra money from financial aid .
I had to learn the hard way , going through the acceptance process and filling out paperwork and getting excited about being excepted .
In the long run it will be worth it .
You can earn your degree in 15-18 months and that is much better then 3-5 years attending a university .
The other people rated this school a 0 or a 1 , but keep in mind , there are 3 people rating this school ( four if you want to count me ) but in April 2005 alone there were over 96,000 students attending CTU online .
I will not be able to vouch for the computer programming students , I am taking Business Marketing , but stay tuned , I will let you know how I rate this school after a few months of my business training .
P.S . I searched the Better Business Bureau and in the past 3 years there were only 12 complaints ( I think 12 ) and out of 96,000 plus per QUARTER , that is a very good standing , so keep these things in mind when making your decision .
For all you non-students who keep writing these negitive reviews , before you write these trash do your research .
An online degree takes dedication and self motivation .
Yes the advisors are sales persons , but guess what if it takes a sales person to get me off my ass to make an improvement in my life then go ahead .
I am a current CTU international student .
No let me rewrite that .
" I AM A PROUD INTERNATIONAL CTU STUDENT " .
For most CTU is just another college they and jump from like a froh would a lilly pod .
try and committ to one school and no matter how hard the course work is .
I love CTU and will continue from there all the way to my masters .
I have attended CTU online for two years and I am graduating in one week .
Online education is not for everyone , if you do not have self discipline or the ability to write well , this is not the forum for you .
If you want to be a doctor , lawyer or computer programmer this is probably not the college for you either .
As for the curriculum , it is for working professionals not kids that know enough to fill a thimble .
Most of the people that have a problem with CTU are too lazy to focus on the work and want more down time .
The curriculum is aggressive on time but manageable and achievable .
Pick CTU if you want a fast paced track to your degree and the degree isn’t too technical .
As for the cost , what technology is cheap today ?
As for the books , I have sold 16 of 22 books on Amazon with no problem .
My only complaint would be the group work ; it is never very comfortable or productive but gets the point across .
Personally I am blessed , I make a ridiculous salary for a 30 year old with a HS diploma , I needed my degree to validate my rare experience .
My degree being in business is perfect for this forum and I can see where computer programming would be a challenge .
Overall CTU is a good fit for most of their programs , keep in mind with the price you are paying for technology , support , and convenience of not driving your car to a place where kids are hanging out and planning Saturday’s drinking binge .
There appears to be an individual trashing Capella under a variety of names .
I believe he was thrown out of Capella because of disrespecting other students .
The school did the right thing and asked him to leave .
He appears to have sour grapes .
You can go to www.degreeinfo.com/forums and ask about him and you will be told that he is bad news .
I am a Ph.D . grad in the school of Psychology at Capella .
I have no complaints .
I found the staff and the professors bending over backwards to help you be successful .
You are treated with respect .
I have buds of mine that got their Ph.D.'s traditionally and they have horror stories concerning doctoral committee members that from hell and total narcissists who loved to show superiority ( and stupidity ) via abuse .
At Capella that kind of thing is very rare .
It is a very good school .
I teach at Miami Dade College , have a successful private practice and I get a lot of respect from other doctors in the community , often seeking my opinion on matters .
I spent time researching and quite a few fellow employees told me the UOP was great .
Well , I have not attended a class yet , and I am thinking of not , tomorrow night is orientation night .
The reason why is because of the lack of response from the counselor's and how they avoid any questions you may have in regards to the items they are charging you for .
I was suppose to have the application fee waived .
Well , the online counslor pissed me off so bad , I refused to attend .
Then we deducted the application fee from my tutition fee and did not refund the entire amount to me .
So I spoke to an on-campus representive , who doesn't answer my e-mails/and a financial counselor who calls me at home when I am at work .
Now , I can finally see that I am enrolled in a class , but of course they want $1345 now .
There is a resource charge of $70.00 and I have to ask what that is for .
They were suppose to give me a credit for the $110.00 and they have not .
Of course .
I think that they are only after everyone's hard earned money .
They don't care .
My goodness , why would I need to take a general class when I already have a AA degree .
They offer same classes for their BS degree as what I took for my AA and transferable units .
I am thinking that I need to look around more .
I attend DeVry Kansas City , and I'm leaving as soon as possible .
I came here as a transfer student with the promise that I would graduate in a year and a half with a degree in Biomedical Engineering , and that is not the case .
I started my classes here , and I've been going to this school for almost a year when I found out they didn't " have enough students to offer the classes I need for my degree " .
So wait...I'm supposed to hang out in college and wait for them to have enough kids to take these classes ?
Any when I asked them what I should do in the mean time...and the adviser said to get a job .
Ok , 1 .
I have a a job and 2 . THATS WHY IM GOING TO SCHOOL .
I wish I could express how screwed over I felt when finding all of this out .
And on top of that , I plan on getting my PhD in Biomedical Engineering , and apparently DeVry isn't considered a valid school for that degree , so if you want to go somewhere else to receive a higher degree , you have to start from scratch .
It's overpriced for what it is .
Please , save your money and don't make the same mistake I did .
I am a year away from completing my BS in Human Service Management and will continue on to my Masters in Psychology - all at UoP .
I'm giving it 4 out of 5 because I have not completed the course as of yet .
As of now I am going to a campus and would like to keep it that way .
There are pro's and con's to every and any school that you go to .
I ma only echoing what others have said in these posts .
As of now , I have had only one instructor who - although I liked him as a person - I felt maybe could have done a bit more as far as joining in the class .
The course material I feel is sufficient and I've yet to have any real problem with people in my team .
That's not to say that there haven't been the occassional bad apple - there has been - but for those of you you have been in a team you know that when you set up you team charter you also lay down the team rules .
With this school you get out of it what you put into it - like anything you do in life .
I am a working adult and am newly married so this school works for me , and when the wife decides when she wants to start having children I will be thankfull for this school .
I've never - let me repeat - NEVER had a problem with the faculty .
Everytime I've needed something from them they've been right on top of it .
Again - I have no regrets .
If you go in with a foul attitude your experience will reflect that .
I am currently attending CTU online and am about to finish my ASIT .
CTU is a for profit school so of course their recruiters are going to try really hard to get you to attend .
After going through the initial process which took about a month , it has been a wonderful experience ever since .
The lower division courses weren't terribly challenging ; however later core classes have been challenging and full of real world knowledge .
I am extremely happy with my instructors at CTU .
The IT instructors have all been amazing mentors .
They all hold degrees and have field experience .
CTU helped me land the job that I have right now as Help Desk Administrator .
I am thinking about finishing my BSIT on campus because I would like more hands on experience .
Two out of the three colleges that I went to said that they would accept the credits that I earned at CTU online .
I think that speaks for itself .
Online schooling isn't for everyone .
You need to be able to manage your time effectively .
A lot of students have problems with this .
If this is your case , I suggest going to on campus school .
If you've never attended CTU , please do not talk bad about it .
They are regional accredited .
Many of us do not have the option of going to school full on campus .
CTU online is a great alternative .
You will get what you put into it .
Online schooling has become more prevalent today and is accepted and practiced by many universities .
Veterans Beware ! ! !
U of P does not work well with the GI Bill .
first , it took almost a year for me to start getting payments from the VA because the VA rep at the school kept " losing " my paperwork .
i eventually had to send it myself by certified mail .
and , because of the 5-week class schedule ( 6 for masters ) , the payments are not regular .
at traditional schools , you get a set amount each month you are enrolled .
at Phoenix , you do not receive your VA payments until after the end of each class , and it is pro-rated for the month , so you only get a partial payment , based on the time of the month you complete the class .
overall , the classes provide good information .
as a program designed for working adults , there is sometimes a lot of homework , and the instructors are hit-and-miss as far as quality of instruction .
my biggest issue is with the school's relationship with the VA . this has been major problem since I started , almost 2 years ago .
Veterans should stay away from Phoenix , as they will not receive the full benefit of the GI Bill .
while the VA says that it will pay up to $39k of my tuition , it will only actually pay a set amount each month , for as long as i am enrolled .
that amount is less than the cost of my classes , so in the end i will end up paying close to $3,000 out of pocket for my education .
the University already has an arrangement with the VA for verifying student enrollment ; they should also make it possible for students to get the full benefit of their GI Bill , and not be left paying thousands of dollars out of pocket .
I have over all been VERY impressed with CTU , I feel where people are messed up is when they try to rely on this degree to get them a job ( putting in no effort ) , or they enroll with out ANY experience in the field .
These same people dont know the basics of have to operate a computer .
The one thing I wish is that CTU had a stricter acceptance policy .
If someone cannot pass a basic computer navigation course , they cant enroll , or if they cant pass a simple pre-exam for their chosen degree they cant enroll .
If you dont know ANYTHING about the degree field you are wanting to go into , or you dont know ANYTHING about basic computer operations .
DONT ENROLL .
90% of these negative reviews sound like people that are just pissed because they cant learn without having their hands held .
This college is for people that are self motivated and WANT a degree , not for people that want to goof off and have the instructor remind them day after day what they need to do and walk then all the way through gradation .
I just completed a masters in education at Jones International University .
It was extremely challenging and demanding .
But I learned more than I have in any other educational setting .
Man for everyone satisfied you will find 10 POed about something .
I attend CTU and frankly I prefer it over brick and mortar BS .
In a B and M you have the class clowns , the ones that are there for social status and then those who ride the backs of others .
I have been there for some time and yes there is good and bad .
Where isn't there after all ?
I admit that when we get people that constantly say I'm confused I believe they belong in a B and M .
Another thing and I am sorry to say this .
I honestly wonder why some of the people are there even .
I mean seriously it is Unversity level grammar and professional based workmanship , not HS .
The thing about CTU that people do not understand is that their course are degree specfic .
Not a meld with emphassis on a subject .
It is true it is hard and challenging .
The instructors are there to help , but they will not give answers .
It is our job to figure and show we grasp the meaning of what we are supposed to be learning .
Can you do that on a paper with a multiple choice quiz ?
It is high impact and self paced learning , with that do not fall behind .
We utilize research tactics that we are left to explore and believe it or not the teachers learn from us .
They are true professionals in the field that they are teaching , not a tenderd professional student .
I did look into other schools and I choose CTU for my reasons , not because of someone elses thoughts .
If that was the case I would not buy dog food at Wal Mart .
An education is something that is earned from various walks of life .
Where you recieve that education is your choice .
I am not championing CTU , it is only one of many options .
If you can not work on your and commit do not attend an online campus .
I was one of the early graduates of the UoPhx Online Program back in 1999 .
I started the 15-course Masters of Computer Science Program in early 1997 a few months before my first son was born .
At the time I had a BS in Mechanical Engineering from CalPoly and was working full time as an engineer to support my wife and pay the mortgage .
Back then we did not have broadband connections and the entire Online Campus required everyone to use a dial-up modem to connect and exchange information .
The Online Program made for great practical sense given my wife's pregnancy and time constraints .
I must admit that I had my doubts during the first couple of classes .
The use of teams with members scattered all over the globe made for some long nights and difficult coordination to complete the class assignments .
I also felt that some members were not pulling their weight .
In retrospect , the entire experience mirrored real experiences in work and life .
By the third and fourth classes I had hooked up with a core group of students who were also taking the program seriously .
Many others had dropped out by that time too .
The MSCIS program was probably one of the most intense learning experiences I've ever had .
Each class was six weeks long and consisted of group discussions that had required relevant DAILY participation in addition to lengthy textbooks , weekly college-level papers of at least 2000 words along with footnotes and mandatory formats .
The final projects usually were 5000-10,000 word essays that also required PowerPoint presentations .
The ability to communicate and write is ESSENTIAL for the Online Campus .
I spent many evenings at the PC way past 1AM .
This was not a program for anyone who wanted to slide by because the other students would rat you out quickly .
When I needed to take some time off after the birth of my son , the University was accommodating .
Financial Aid was available and was not difficult to obtain as long as you were diligent in submitting the required paperwork and followed up with your counselor .
In the end I completed my MSCIS in 27 months including a 12 week break to be a Dad .
I had a GPA of 3.9 for the program .
I was able to shift departments within my company and increase my salary by 50% .
I also had many opportunities and projects presented to me because I had both Mechancal and IT skills .
DeVry - Serious about Success , Not SEX .
So if I had a second chance in life , I would go to a community college , learn computer like the others , have alot more prettier girls in my book of love , still be skilled and certified in what I want , get a Tech job on the side and in the real world , and save that $30,000 I owe .
Who needs to know so much computers ?
Not even the POPE .
So , to put it short , if you go to DeVry , and focus on learning and not F!!cking , you'll have a great career , but also end up paying loans for 10 years that could equal a brand new car note .
Or you can enjoy life and see sunlight , have a wife and a girlfreind and some baby mama drama . . AMEN . .
This is my second semester attending Devry I think it is great..I am now able to take classes that I actually need .
It's not a waste of time..Everyone is always crying and complaining about the cost of the school.Every school is costly.I know it's going to be worth it in the end
As a very short lived former student with Western International University let me say the following : ( a ) the school is a joke ( but then again it's an heir of the UOP ; ( b ) Financial Aid is truly a joke ; ( c ) My enrollment Advisor is nowhere to be found ; ( d ) I have been told nothing but " unusual " lies I've never heard of in an educational environment ; ( e ) They talk a good game until they get you in and then they think they have you hooked ; ( f ) It took darned near 4 weeks into a 9 week program before my academic advisor contacted me ; ( g ) They literally provide you with the paperwork which clearly implicates their " unusual " practices ; ( h ) They assume you know no better than to believe their B.S . ; ( i ) I reported them to a division of the DOE inturn , the DOE representatives have contacted the Financial Aid Office of Theft on several occasions regarding my case .
To date , The Financial Aid Office of Theft has not returned any of their phone calls .
Go figure .
My next step is to file a complaint thru the Arizona Attorney General's Office based on Theft By Deception , Negligence and a few other choice words .
Both institutions should be drawn and quartered for the numerous violations students have brought to the attention of the DOE and whomever else .
You know a problem exists when EMPLOYEES post negative feedback about their employer .
Take a hint : Find another online school to devote your time and hard earned money too or else you too will be SCREWED over many times .
Anybody who thinks UoP is a degree mill simply doesnt know what he or she is talking about .
Those that complain the most are often people who attended other b-schools and think graduates from UoP are slackers and somehow lowering standards overall .
Uop is not Harvard , and none of us think that , but we also work very , very hard for what were earning .
The whole for profit thing is a red herring .
All schools are out to make a profit and none of them can operate without income .
I have finished 11 of my 15 MBA classes at UoP and I have a 3.85 GPA .
Although I know there are many other schools with stellar reputations and much higher standards , my life stage dictated that I attend a school that could cater to my work hours and pressures .
I would have never been able to get a grad degree while the sole breadwinner and co-parent to four kids .
Combine that with the fact that I am in my early forties and the possibilities for continuing education were very limited .
My job would never have allowed for me to take daytime hours to get an MBA and night classes are not available anywhere near where I live .
I wish I could have gone a different route but I could never pass the GMAT without extensive tutoring .
Also , after reviewing the substance of the GMAT , I realized that it would never measure ANY skills needed for my career .
As it stands , more and more respectable b-schools are dropping the GMAT requirement because theyre coming to the same conclusion I did , specifically , that the GMAT is a very poor indicator of who will be a good grad school student .
Pre-tests like SATs and GMATs are designed to be more exclusive than much else .
They dont measure a persons intellect , only what they may or may not have learned up to that point , but never what they are capable of learning down the road .
My SATs scores were very average but during my undergrad years , I went on to be a Phi Beta Kappa candidate , sit on the deans list multiple times , and get a BFA with honors from one of the most prestigious design schools in the world .
The curriculum there is affectionately referred to as medical school without the blood .
It makes top-notch b-schools look easy because there were no correct answers , only subjective opinions about students work .
I know tough , and UoP asks for plenty from its students .
I am also attending devry .
I think its an ok school , however I am a little pissed off because last semester I found out that they are going to get rid of my major BMI .
To make it worse I have to take most of my core classes online .
Now I am having second t aughts wether I want to major in BMI or switch majors .
I only got 2 semester left , so I think I am going to complete this major , then I will double major in CIS .
I would only have to take three semesters more to get a degree in CIS .
Oh yeah , I got to say that the student advisor's are the worst , they are lazy and they make the student workers do their job .
Also , the only reason there getting rid of BMI is because they are not making enough money of it because there are not that many students in that major .
OH but they love GSP , they got a bunch of students in that major most of them dont even do there work they just play video games all day .
I am paying for my education so I expect to get the best education available .
with devry making me take my BMI courses online and just basically alienating me I say that they are not doing a good job .
I'm a senior in high school planning to attend devry university in ivring tx . and im confused on a couple of things concerning the quality of a devry degree and the education provided by the institution .
I recently heard about this forum and all of its negative comments .
I was told by a college advisor at my school , but I'm not to confident on his word .
Despite all those bad comments on the unversity , I have read a couple of good ones explaining most of those negative comments and essentially making the writers of the negative opinions sound like lazy people .
I'm hoping I could recieve some help from some of you on making my decision .
Instructors are not consistent from class to class on requirements for grades .
You will be in class with someone who can't read and write English and you get held to a different standard .
What a waste of money !
The field reps ( some-most ) are rude and don't want to do their jobs .
Even for DE you still have to go stand in line for an hour or so to register for your classes .
Isn't this DE , DISTANCE education ?
I've taken 4 proctored exams . 1 of them was never sent and 1 was missing an entire page when received by the instructor .
Often you have no idea what your final grade is for a course because of these pitfalls until well into the next semester .
That can be rather depressing .
Don't even bother emailing the administration .
They won't respond .
UMUC brags how they cut breaks financially for military .
Their tuition is as high if not higher than that of a resident state universities .
Go to a real DE University , I am as soon as I find one that I like .
UMUC should be ashamed of themselves for even calling themselves a university .
The constant negative controversy surrounding Capella and other institutions of this type is deserved .
They are not really " non traditional " excellent institutions as much as they are advertising savvy businesses .
They seek out and use four types of students : 1 ) students who are not very adept at finding good institutions , 2 ) students who doubt their own abilities , 3 ) student who cannot overcome the psychological barrier of being outside of perceived mainstream systems , and students who want a simple way out of the challenge of good competitive educational excellence .
These people are great sitting ducks for trashy institutions like Capella that are really all about misuse of government loan funding .
When Cappella's low rent degrees are exposed to hiring entities aware of good education practices , they do not hire these so called degreed graduates .
I recently was involved in a conversation at work where a Capella PH D student was so ashamed of the school for his " in progress " degree that he did not want to mention the name of the institution to the group .
When they , in error , thought he was at the University of Arizona and were impressed , he just let them think that , turned red , and left the conversation as soon as possible .
Knowing that he was in the Cappella program and then seeing his embarrassment said volumes .
There are many mainstream online classes through good universities .
Capella is a disgrace and people who enroll there are fooling themselves .
There are always lucky people who will get ahead with any degree .
Capella is a junk degree sold to a disenfranchised group who are looking for a Ph D in all the wrong places .
PhD's from Capella are the equivalent of a medical degree from a Wal-Mart pharmacy .
People who have PH D's from Capella are academic QUACKS...and perceived as such by people who know higher education .
My Master's in Information Technology at UMUC stings as one of the great bad investments of my life .
The whole experience was so utterly fraudulent on so many levels .
But I was already invested in the third semester before I could no longer dismiss as flukes my astoundingly incompetent or apathetic professors .
Egregious plagiarism was the name of the game : Professors regularly regurgitate curricula and lectures from prior semesters .
Students merely copy and paste discussion threads into their own submissions , knowing their instructors award grades based on automated metrics like word count .
Power Point is considered an acceptable format for term papers !
No thesis required for a Masters degree .
And the anonymity of online study , already a huge obstacle to an edifying experience , is I believe actively promoted by UMUC for the simple reason that its impossible to criticize when you cant organize .
I recall one class in which our instructor logged in ( and this is not an exaggeration ) twice during the semester : once to greet everyone and once to collect our final exams .
Four or five of us managed to overcome the anonymity of our chat rooms to take action : a formal letter to the administration which went totally unanswered .
I guess what I find most depressing is the thought of people pursuing their undergraduate degrees at UMUC .
Having gone to a traditional University for my Bachelor's , I simply cannot imagine a graduate of UMUC's Web Tycho interface having experienced anything substantive .
And it may sound elitist , but it just seems depressing to think of tens of thousands ( a href=http://www.umuc.edu/ip/umucfacts_02.html ) of people walking around , thinking they've learned anything more than how to manipulate a web interface .
That UMUC is accredited raises some serious questions about the state of academia and the trend towards distance education .
And I do suspect that these problems are not unique to UMUC .
High-bandwidth distance education , through which real bonds , expectations and communication can take place , might work some day .
But the current state of distance education is just too shallow , but promoted by an educational system too strapped for cash and a community of working adults , too strapped for time .
UMUC's WebTycho interface is at best a pretend classroom with a few clever javascripts and java applets to entertain you while you wait months for feedback on that paper you're now starting to feel embarrassed for having taken so seriously .
You'll learn though , and by the end of your program , you'll find you needn't even bother buying the textbooks and you can get by with a couple manic hours of copying and pasting once or twice a semester .
Had an interview recently in which my interviewer said : UMUC , yeah - I've heard of them .
I see their ads on the metro all the time .
-but , I mean , is that even a real degree ?
Have noticed some others here are giving UMUC 4 or 5 stars - Don't believe them : This is a case of the Emperor's New Clothes if ever there was one !
I don't even bother to list it on my resume anymore .
( http://www.epinions.com/content_145499459204 )
I am the President and CEO of a large firm in New York .
The required skills of my employees , and of the rest of the emerging workforce , are almost always seen by in a University of Phoenix graduate .
I will not simply promote someone who has a degree , but I will weigh the Phoenix graduate more heavily ; my experience in dealing with them permits me to make such generalizations .
From past experience , they demonstrate the ability to work with technology and have excellent communication skills .
Being forced to use the computer , be independent , and work with fellow students each day , is the closest " real-world " approach to Education I have seen in my thirty years in Business .
It always peaks my curiosity when I read comments about the University of Phoenix Online being too easy .
Has it ever occurred to you that you already possess those very skills that I just mentioned ?
Or , on the other hand , do you even hold a degree ?
Since other individuals have found it necessary to comment on whether or not UoP offers a quality education , I'm hoping that at least someone is interested to hear from a qualified individual .
I will say simply this much , I encourage continuing education and offer tuition reimbursement of up to 15 credits per year ; University of Phoenix online and Walden are the only two programs I will offer this reimbursement to my over one thousand employees .
I take this all rather personally because many graduates successfuly run sectors of my company ; frankly , many of you are simply clueless .
It's funny and irritating all at the same time .
Yet , I truly don't care , since you won't be on my payroll .
As an end note , I went to a community college for my undergrad and obtained my MBA from New York University .
Despite catalogue listings , diversity of courses offered is poor .
Books were community college level or lower .
UMUC staff unprofessional and unresponsive .
Instructors dumb down courses to allow many to pass course in the open enrollment system .
Psychology courses are of very poor quality by comparison with other colleges .
UOP provides you all the tools to obtain your degree .
Yes , there are some people in the classes that do not belong there .
Yes , there are some instructors that appear unqualified to teach at a college-level .
The school is not perfect .
Who knew ?
Personally , I have been relatively pleased with my experience at UOP .
I have found it to be more difficult than attending traditional classes .
They really load you down with work to justify giving you credit hours .
Also , learning is easier for me in a physical classroom environment .
I like the face-to-face interaction with the class and instructor .
However , I have made the experience work for me .
The people that have degraded the degree have their reasons I suppose .
Prior to attending the college , I made phone calls to businesses to ask for opinions of online degrees .
The fact that I will have an online degree does not disqualify me from an interview .
My work experience , how I interview , and my desire to succeed is what hiring managers care about .
In todays world , those are the things that are important .
Weaknesses in one of those areas can easily be overlooked because of the strengths in the other two .
The college is what you make of it .
People can complain about their experiences if they want .
Other people can say UOP is the best school for anyone wanting a degree to attend .
The fact of the mater is this , you can achieve the same goal by taking other avenues .
Most companies will not be impressed by an UOP degree .
Most companies will not be unimpressed by an UOP degree .
The important thing is that you get an education .
How you use that education and succeed in life depends on you .
I am a current UoP student in a graduate program .
I am roughly 4 courses from finishing my 2 year program .
The promise of the UoP was a great motivator into enrolling at UoP .
I tried attending a traditional university in the past , for my second degree , and it was too difficult given my work schedule .
What the UoP offers to career adults , with the promise of flexible education , is great .
The execution has been less so .
The deliver technology is good and has gotten better since I started in the program , especially with some of the materials and research resources .
I have the following issues : 1 . Quality of students .
I had student in my class who could not communicate and had little understanding of English .
Some students could not understand the material and had such poor spelling and grammar , that I could not believe they were graduate students .
They also did not work at the level of a graduate student 2 . Instructors .
Some instructors were quite poor , and do not supply lectures or proper feedback on work .
3 . High costs .
Twice , I have experienced tuition increases .
Although this happens at traditional universities as well , the program is relatively quite expensive compared to a traditional university , which requires physical facilities .
4 . Poor quality overall .
Too easy to get an A . You can slide your way to an A with little effort .
I purposely did not submit work , with the expectation that I would not get an A , only to be surprised .
Overall , I would not recommend the UoP for anyone at this time , unless the program and way it is managed changes .
The goals marketed to the public are correct ( flexible , adult education ) , but the corporate goals of the Apollo Group conflict with the goals of an educational institution .
It is possible to get some knowledge from the program , but this requires the student to read all the materials .
Otherwise , a student can obtain a high grade with little effort .
I have to say the employees that supposively work for CTU that are rating the school as bad are full of it !
I finished my first bachelors degree at the University of Colorado in Denver and personally found it time consuming and basically had to memorize , not apply any real knowledge .
I think I have used maybe one or two things from that degree .
I went back to get a second bachelors degree using CTU Online .
I have learned so much , and I apply it to my every day job with the US Government . . which by the way has actually recommended CTU as a school . . .
I find the courses real life based information applicable to my job and recently just completed a course in which I applied so much of the material to a Managing for Performance course for management at work .
I think every businesses main goal is to make money .
I applied to UMass Online based off of their Lowell Campus and I also applied to a certificate program at George Mason online .
I would say the recruiters/finance and advising groups were all as pushy as the other and " brick and mortar " schools can't even compare to the curriculum that I received and will continue to receive at CTU Online !
Keep up the great work and I hope that more schools start to release the benefits of this type of learning .
I took classes for a year at UMUC Online .
The teachers were awesome .
The best i have experienced in online classes .
The financial aid office was always messing things up though , and the amount of work involved in some of the classes was well above what i have experienced elsewhere , even in the regular classroom setting .
UofP is an excellent school .
God forbid the people who complain about the school did nothing wrong to create their bad expericence at the university .
Where did your research in the university go wrong ?
If it was so bad , than you should have dropped out the moment you felt it was going wrong !
At least than you could have went to your university of choice where I am sure your money will be well accepted there as it will be anywhere .
Problem is you did not have the grades or time to attend the University of your choice like Stanford , Harvard , Yale , ETC .
So , you had to go a university where the prestige may not be where it is as compared to the schools mentioned but to me seem to provide a pretty good education .
Get over it ! ! Put your bad experience on yourself .
Yes , there are those who help us create a bad experience but it is what we do when confronted with a hurdle that can change the situation .
Even leaving after all that is said and done is an option .
For someone to complain that UofP is a diploma mill who is now able to attend a top 50 university seems to me that UofP helped him get there .
UofP was so bad and horrible they stayed long enough to get their MS CIS at UOFP .
Also seems he or she did not have the grades before to attend that university prior to him being accepted by UofP .
More than likely this whiner found someone he or she thought was to stupid to go school , had a degree from UofP and decided to downgrade their degree based on this person .
Any way smart person , there are plenty of unknown small universities out there you can go to .
It is your responsibility to find out which programs are accredited and which ones are not .
Accreditation too has it's standards on who they accredit like do they have a big plushy office on the campus , are they allowed to have free meals , do they have box seats at the big game when they come to town ?
If you did not see that one coming then you truly need to go back to school .
I attended the UoP for a year and maintained straight A's in my courses .
I enjoyed the courses very much and learned a lot .
The time commitment far exceeds the average listed , this is definitely not a free ride to a piece of paper.My frustration is not with the content of the program but with the administration of the " company " .
I had a new financial and academic councilor every month .
Each of them appeared to be young adults trying to fund their own education with little experience in their positions .
My financial aid was a mess !
I obtained my student loans and was still expected to pay out of pocket every other class .
Every time there was a different story as to why this was required.I
weathered through these frustrations to continue my program .
The final straw was when my region ( half the state ) experienced a power outage of up to 2 weeks .
I had just started a new course and call the UoP right away to be removed to start a new class as I had no way of attending class.I was put off until it was " too late " to withdraw , given an incomplete grade and then asked to pay for a course I had not taken .
Months of frustrating phone conversations later I had the charge removed.Problem
solved right ?
WRONG , they sent my student loan payment of $3700.oo
back to my loan agency and have now sent me to collections for a balance owing of over 990.00 dollars.My
student loan totals 3900.00 ,
I paid for at least one class out of pocket and now owe 900.00 and I had the loan money to pay for it all .
I am truly confused by this process and have had no luck with the obstinate staff.STAY
AWAY ! ! Go to your local community college and try their correspondence courses if you need to take your classes from home .
You will be served properly , charge appropriately and get the education you need .
Don't pay through the nose for the promise of a faster degree.In
reading these reviews : For those of you that have had a great experience more power to you , but don’t judge others poorly just because their opinion differs from yours .
Perhaps you failed to learn the team lessons that the UoP promotes so intensively .
I'm near completing my Bachelor's degree and I've done it online .
I will be graduating soon , but that's part of the story .
I can't say enough for the education progam and the support received .
The courses are not easy , however , they are not difficult either .
I like the idea of how the online schedule works around your schedule , and not the other way around .
I can miss a day or two and still catch up .
The hours are 24-7 , therefore , I can enter a leave whenever I wish .
There are mandatory meetings , however , very few .
I've rated the professors and staff in the high 90% .
They usually respond quickly , and are well informed .
Now , there are minor times when something does not go right , but nothing is 100%
The school material can either be purchased or extracted from the services .
Personally , I think this school offers one of the most unique programs systems available , and one that anyone with a little determination can do .
As mentioned before , I'll be graduating soon , and have decided to continue into their graduate program at Keller .
If all goes well , I'll have my Master's in less than one year .
To sum my experience with DeVrt , " SUPER . "
I am considering the doc program at Capella .
I have been accepted into Brick and Mortar but I am at a stage where I want to do some traveling and have a family .
An online program will allow me some flexibility personally and professionally .
I am , however , curious about the quality of professors teaching in psychology program .
Can someone with some experience in the General psych program at Capella talk about their experience and poss .
provide some insight .
UMUC's quality of education plummeted faster than Enron stock .
One reason was that UMUC's key administrators weren't paying attention .
There are numerous complaints lately that UMUC is tapping teachers to teach courses outside their area of expertise and without a credential in the assigned field .
For example , there is an anthropology teacher who also teaches biology , IFSM , psychology , and sociology .
There is a teacher of African American history under fire because his experience in that field is questionable .
English teachers are called upon to instruct speech as well as philospohy , and maybe math .
Government teachers are assigned history courses too .
And most of the psychologists are assigned sociology , because everyone knows it's practically the same thing .
UMUC saves money by assigning 3 or 4 subjects to one teacher .
As a student though we should know the competence and experience of the persons assigned to teach our classes .
UMUC is also taking flak because their teachers are older , out-of-touch with developments in their field of instruction , not representing the diversity of the student population UMUC serves and unable to find work at other colleges ( which is why they're at UMUC ) .
In a related incident in DE PSYCH 436 Introduction to Clinical Psychology upper-level undergraduate students learned from another teacher that their clinical psychology teacher , M . Sadler , had a degree in psychology but also that his license to practice had been revoked for unprofessional and unethical conduct .
What message does that send enthusiastic students looking forward to a career in psychology ?
UMUC provided really good qaulity education until about 5 years ago .
The administrators need to know why and how the wheels came off .
They also need to know how to get and keep good teachers and stop highly qualified teachers from leaving for more money and better working conditions .
School is what YOU make it .
Whether you are online or the physical classroom , you determine what you learn and how you learn .
Some classes are easy , some are hard .
Some instructors are tough , some are not .
This is at any school and I know this from going to so many due to moving with the military .
UOP is often paid for through employer and I don't think they would pay for something they do not believe in .
As the president of the ASB at the Long Beach campus I have had very many mixed feelings when it comes to DeVry . . . Im a 7th term Computer Engineering Technology major and I really think that devry has kind of gone through alot of problems ever since their " hay-day " back in the mid-late ninties...for any prospective students , here is my pro/con list for you : //----------------------------- // // PROS // //----------------------------- ---small class sizes , on the average your classes will have between 6 - 15 students . . . usually on the smaller side .
that doesnt sound like much , but even if your professor sucks , at least hes only ten feet away rather than 400 in a lecture hall ---expedient education devry uses a trimester based system , which means that you only have 6 weeks off for the whole year ; however , you graduate in three if you take the standard course load of 17.68 units per tri ---abet/tac accreditation devry has had accreditation for a long time now and here at the long beach campus , abet tac gave us the longest accreditation that they offer .
---job placement i had two friends last semester that graduated with 3.5 and 3.9 and both were offered engineering positions that offered their starting pay at 50k and 65k respectively there are tons of jobs for us CET's and EET's...that if you work hard in them your looking at 6-figure salaries within 10 years easily //----------------------------- // // CONS // //----------------------------- ---bad profs while almost every school has em....we seem to draw them like flies .
ive had well over half of my classes taught by completely ridiculous professors , some of which truly puzzled me as to how anyone in the world could actually hire this person ---incompetent administration sometimes i truly am amazed whenever i have to visit any of the various departments , particularly student finance .
the experience that i have when i visit student finance is much like going to the dentist , except when i leave , nothing is ever fixed , and i am always angrier than when i entered .
---business run academic institution alot of the decisions as to classes are made with a business mentality when they should be made with an educational one .
course changes , student activites , even outsourcing the bookstore are all run with a business-like , bottom-line driven mentality ---the cost i dont even need to explain this one ; however let me tell you that if you actually read the quarterly reports that are sent to devry's stakeholders , you will find the following in thier recent statistics : online , night time , and weekend enrollment is up 29% from last year while full-time day student enrollment is down porportionally .
this tells us one of two things either students are switching from daytime to the others , or new students are coming as fast as the old ones are leaving .
why would they do this ? its MUCH cheaper to attend any other way than full-time mind you it will probably take 2 to 4 times longer to fulfill your degree requirements .
//------------------------- // // Conclusion // //------------------------- DeVry is the school model of the future ; for better or worse .
DeVry educates over 200,000 people across the nation .
DeVry started itself as a technical training facility for radio technicians in the 1930's .
Many of the first courses taught were done so under " top secret " security clearances , and at the time were the most cutting edge training anyone could get .
If DeVry is going to reclaim it's position as the best technical education out there , it MUST refocus its efforts back to its roots , and strengthen them with all of its force .
DeVry must cut it's fluff....trim the fat !
get rid of all the ridiculus programs that we have no facilities for ; namely the GSP , HMIT , BMET , BMI , etc.etc .
DeVry is a technical university and we have some of the best labs for CET , EET , ECT , even NCM students .
We have the capability to become a great institution of HIGHER education , but only if we stop pandereing to the greed-filled marketing strategies of beurocratic buisinessmen !
Ouch ! Some pretty harsh comments posted here , not all unwarranted .
As a current student UMUC-Europe , I can confirm that not all comments posted here are loaded , but I must say , many are .
Does anyone really buy that the Director is posting “student's names , social security account numbers , and addresses on the World Wide Web” .
If you do , try checking that claim .
I doubt you’ll find much to back it up ; I tried and failed .
But , as I mentioned , many claims posted here have sustenance .
Sometimes , the books assigned to a course are sub par ( and I stress SOMTIMES ) , grades for some courses come in slowly ( really annoying ) , and “in-class” courses get canceled often ( in Europe ) .
But some of these issues are very easily explained ( even justified ) if one takes the time to think about , as one post asked , “what is UMUC doing in Europe” ?
Well , they are there serving the military community with scattered all about Europe and the Middle East .
You see , UMUC has a contract with the Department of Defense to educate the military community stationed overseas .
Someone has to provide for the education of military members and their families while stationed overseas .
It is the Department of Defense that dictates what kind of programs can be offered to their community overseas .
In fact , it is the DOD that pretty much runs the show .
Now , To conduct an in-class course ( Face-to-face ) , there has to be enough people registered in that class to carry it on , and if there is not , well , the class gets canceled and field representatives try to encourage students to take distance learning courses ( that never get canceled ) in lieu .
With bases closing , and more and more of our soldiers being deployed to Iraq and Afghanistan etc . . ( and their wives and children going back to the States ) , enrollment ( in-class ) is falling and classes are being canceled .
I also here a lot of complaints directed at the faculty and staff at UMUC-ED .
Just a short insider bit of info I got from a friend that works there : UMUC-Europe employees get paid roughly half of what their counterparts in the states get paid AND , given that they are much less resourced , do twice the work .
I would assume that is a factor in their oftentimes less-than-sunny dispositions .
To put in my two cents of the University , I’ll say this : I have done my research , and for what it is ( an institution catering to the military community , ..and think about what that means ) , UMUC does a great job providing education for military members stationed overseas .
Yes , things could be done better , but I guarantee that it is the BEST University with a home-base overseas if only for it’s broad range of programs ( in comparison ) , it’s quality of education , and it’s flexibility .
I graduated with a B.S . from a great University in the States , so I like to think I know what good instruction is .
UMUC-ED may not live up to my previous institutions academic standards , but you know what , I think to think that you get what you give .
Just a few cents from a UMUC-ED student .
Devry is very expensive , one of the most expensive schools of its kind .
Unless you really need the convenience of an online education go else where .
It is the absolute truth that school is what you make of it .
I have been attending UOP for over a year now .
First , I started in OH and then had to switch to IL when I moved to Chicago from Cincinnati .
The students at the Dayton , OH campus left little to be desired and had no ambition and some because it was too challenging for them .
Most of the students would drop to where my class sizes ranged from 3-5 persons .
The faculty in OH was great and so was the administration .
They were all very fair and very invloved with the student body and I am someone who got mostly B's and C's at first .
I am very intelligent when it comes to Mythology and even after I worked my ass off with 2 and 3 papers a week , I still only earned a C . : ) That was still my favorite class because of the challenge and I learned much more than I already had known...learning only one new thing is worth your money alone .
The Chicago/Schaumburg classes are great !
I have wonderful classmates that are actively involved , great instructors...for instance , one of my instructors had worked for NASA and one had worked for CIA several years before !
I have little good to say about the administration here in IL as opposed to OH , but that is the trade-off .
I do my work and work hard to get the grades that I do .
The Learning Team concept can be challenging , but very rewarding...it teaches you the concept of reality...the life of hard knocks .
If you can't motivate your teams , put extra effort to make up for the slackers in order to get your grade that you want , then how do you expect to get the career you want and be successful .
It really sharpens your problem-solving skills , educates one on the powers of motivation and still makes you work hard as an individual .
Those of you that think that a traditional University is better , than you are ridiculous ! ! First of all , I come from a very successful family .
They all have stories and truths about students who fake their way through school even at the Universities that they attended which include , YALE , CORNELL and University of Illinois .
It is because they have that accessibility to the student body .
Next , I prefer to pay for my own education as an adult when I'm focussed and working at a real job .
That means that I don't suck mommy and daddy dry to pay for the education while I cheat and sit on my ass , gossipping at the local Starbucks or putting on 50 lbs because I hit all the Sorrority/Fraternity parties that I can in 4 years ! !
Third , the world is changing over to modern technology...who do you think is going to have one up on the technology...it's part of the curriculum and with UOP having the largest student body , who do you think is eventually going to be looking over your resume's ? ? ?
I can honestly tell anyone out there that I have been to a traditional University and MOST of the student body and faculty are superficial .
Do you have professors that can first hand teach you about real life ? ?
Do you have professors that have done anything other than teach class...for instance , that have worked for NASA ?
Probably not .
Don't be so judgemental and stereoptypical because that is what will stand in your way of a real career before a degree from your school of choice will .
The funny thing is that the people that work at this University in administration...that can't do their job right for anything(that means as easy as making a phone call ) went to traditional Universities ! ! ! !
I am a current student of their MBA program with a focus on IT Management .
I have been in the IT industry for 20 years and have run several lines of business for the various companies I have worked for at the director level .
I am currently a director , and do make a substantial income .
I did my research , and am concerned about credit transfers .
Especially , since I am planning for a PhD in the future .
I went to UT Austin for my undergraduate BS Comp Sci , and I can tell you that the quality of education between CTU and UT is similar .
On campus vs . off campus are apples and oranges though .
Without enough time in a day to run a business and go to school , I was left with no choice but to take an online MBA program .
So , far I have been challenged and pleased with professionalism , content , and quality of the program so far .
It's just like an on campus experience . . sometimes you get really good Professors , and other times you get people that should not be teaching .
Over all in that aspect , the two types of learning systems are similar .
The biggest advantage I have found with online is the pace , and ability to attend on my time schedule .
The lectures are interactive and recorded .
So , if you can't attend you can listen in later .
Ever sit in a lecture on campus and wish you had a tape recorder ?
Well , with the lectures recorded online , if you miss something , rewind , and listen again .
Great feature of online classes .
There are some negatives , but they are minor .
Bottom line : I am getting my money's worth .
I have already learned a great deal , and the quality of my education is as good or better than my undergraduate on campus experience .
My $.02 ,
My experience at DeVry is by far one of the worst I've had .
I went to the financial aids many time requesting information about my loans and scholarship and where my money is going to but the faculty there never wants to give me the information that should belong to me .
From experience , if you pester a professor enough , you'll pass..even if you're the dumbest person around . . you just need to talk your way to a good grade .
DeVry's employee are lazy and incompetent .
The career advisors seemed to always be walking around and not doing what they're being paid to do .
No one is ever at the cashier office . . there's always a note saying 'For Cashier , go to Student Finance' . . and when you go there , no one is there to help you either .
The professors talk more about themselves then they do the subject they're supposed to teach .
If you're a girl , you basically just have to wait 3 yrs for your degree .
Every class seems to always be a review of the first day of class that semester , which is basically the syllabus and introduction .
Out of all the professor , I'd say two actually cared about the students' well-being . . and yes , they left the school already because they knew what a fraud the school has become .
They have used one of the books that was used by a professor of mine from a SUNY school that would only teach with graduate level books for undergraduate courses .
I believe this university is of good quality and would refer others to it .
The only pet peeves I have is that citations should be taking more seriously , as some students have either not cited properly , but did have citations and group work is hard to manage .
Other than that there are no other complaints I have .
The only thing that I can assume is that some professors are leanient on citations is do to the fact that some students have been out of college for over 10 years or more , so they are not up to par with what should be done for citations .
Profit Mongers !
Degrees not valued by businesses !
Go to a state university if you know whats good for you !
Hiya , mates !
I'm in the MBA program at Capella and all I can say is that classes are rigurous but you learn a lot !
If you are looking for an easy MBA , look elsewhere .
But if you are looking for an MBA that focuses on applied research then I highly recommend Capella .
Capella University suffers the same problems that all for-profit institutions have get the money !
Never mind if the University drops the ball ; it seems their policy is : never admit fault , because it is always the customers fault !
I tried Capella because I believed in online education , but given my experiences I would not recommend them .
In the time I have been there I have seen the names on the instructions list change often , and given what Capella pays the adjunct faculty I am surprised they put up with it .
It is sad when an institution is comprised of nearly 90% adjuncts .
Well we can see where Capellas priorities are I guess I would not mind paying a premium tuition rate if the institution was sponsoring research , but let us face it , Capella is a meat grinding machine get them in , spit them out !
From an academic point of view , the faculty is great for the most part .
However , from a business point of view , they are just like any other for-profit business masquerading as an education institution .
Perhaps I am cynical , but I am uncomfortable what I see coming out of the institution .
Just my two cents .
DeVry is not accredited in Texas .
It is granted permission by the Texas Higher Education Coordinating Board , but it still is not regionally accredited like all state and private universities in Texas .
Just because the Texas Higher Education Coordinating Board gives DeVry the authority to label itself a University , does not make Devry credible as an institution of higher learning .
Quoting DeVry website : " DeVry University* is accredited by The Higher Learning Commission and is a member of the North Central Association "
Quoting The Higher Learning Commission Website : The Higher Learning Commission accredits , and thereby grants membership in the Commission and in the North Central Association , to degree-granting educational institutions in the North Central region : Arkansas , Arizona , Colorado , Iowa , Illinois , Indiana , Kansas , Michigan , Minnesota , Missouri , North Dakota , Nebraska , Ohio , Oklahoma , New Mexico , South Dakota , Wisconsin , West Virginia , and Wyoming
So before attending DeVry check the accreditation in your state thoroughly , to make sure that the degrees validity will not be compromised in the real world .
I really do not see where the people who bash this school so badly are coming from .
I've attended Devry in IL for almost a year and a half , and my experience has been very good .
Every one of my professors has had a masters degree or higher , years of experience in the field related to the course material , and they have all been very personable and approachable .
The class sizes are small to medium , and the material covered is practical and relevant .
Put simply , the tools for receiving a great education are there , and the environment is excellent .
There is a lot of material covered in each class , and therefor a lot of work must be done to take full advantage of the time spent .
With that said the professors ( in my experience ) do show compassion and give a lot of open book tests .
This does not however make for an easy A . People who do not do the work still struggle and receive bad grades .
My summary of the school is that you get what you put in , and there is ample opportunity to get a lot out .
However some people are able to coast by and then ruin it for everyone else after their dumb asses enter the workforce .
Now I find myself in the difficult situation of enjoying my school , but fearing a sub-par reputation may hamper my ambitions .
So at the moment I am reluctantly weighing my options for transferring to a different school .
If you can make it through the first year , you will see that the lazy ones drop like flies .
My CET graduating class was three people .
And I believe the EE's had seven , and the biomeds had five that made it out okay .
It's not easy at all , but college isn't supposed to be easy .
Even if you make it out with under a 3.0 GPA , you will have learned a lot , ( although there aren't many who graduate with under a 3.0...the professors are quite adamant about making sure you learn what is required ) .
I've attended two state universities and a community college and none have compared to the excellence at Devry .
Sure the academic department is a pain in the ass , as well as the financial department .
But where is it any easier ?
Arizona State University wouldn't allow my loans to transfer from Northern Arizona University because I couldn't obtain a letter from the IRS that proved I had paid taxes for the previous three years .
As a result , I had to come up with the cash for that semester .
I don't see how that's any better or worse than Devry taking a little time to receive federal loan funds .
At least Devry lets you attend school while you figure out how to pay for it .
And yes , like any other secondary educational institution , they are also trying to make money .
You need it to pay for the computers , the school activities , and for the professors who have given up their jobs in industry to teach students what they've learned .
The professors are not only your instructors .
They are your foots in the door , your references , your mentors , and for some of us life-long friends .
I promise you , if you do well and work your ass off , it pays .
Because if you can prove to your professor you're good at what you do , they will find you a job , ( 98% of them do care ) .
After all , they have probably taught you since your first semester , ( at least that was the case for the engineering programs at the Phoenix campus ) .
My data structures professor once said that teaching is the best job anyone could ever obtain because you have the opportunity to make a life-long positive impact on someone .
But if you're going to bitch about your own grade , then that is your problem and not the professor's .
You are the only person who can learn - it isn't the professor's responsibility to spoon feed you what you missed when you slept in every Friday .
And read a book , for christ's sake .
And as for " vulgar reading material"...get over it .
We're all adults ; I would hope that you could find the underlying message in a book rather than harp on the choice of words and/or adult situations .
One final thought for the tlsail individual : Don't you think it's a little ridiculous to not hire someone based on where they got their degree ?
Isn't it making an assumption about someone's intelligence based on your own bad experience ?
Remember , Devry is an accredited university , and as such they are judged by the same standards as all other accredited institutions .
I am a recent UoPhx Online graduate .
In many cases I felt more like a revenue generator than a student .
It's all about the money .
In many cases emails and phone calls are ignored .
I had to escalate to the dean several times to get any satisfaction .
The school recruits faculty my having them pay to take a class , then line them up on unsuspecting online students .
I am surprised that the school remains accredited .
I'm about to graduate from Devry and I have had some issues I didn't like about it .
I'm attending the Orlando Florida campus , which has changed the curriculum tract for my major(Netcom)twice .
I found this frustrating at first , but my dean has been very helpful .
Although it is expensive the Florida Universities are not much cheaper .
I like the small classes and I have received good career advice from most of my professors .
Out of all the professors I had , maybe 2 or 3 were poor educators .
Personally I do not like online classes , but many students love them .
Overall I have had a great learning experience .
I noticed a lot of negative feed back from people who haven't attended the school , or couldn't hack the work load .
All of them have extremely poor writing skills , which says a lot about a person .
If I was debating whether to attend DeVry or not .
I would pay attention to posts by people , who have made it through at least one year .
DeVry is definitely not for everyone .
I am currently working on a doctorate degree through UOP online , and it really fits my life .
Secondly , the classes are not watered down at all .
If anything , the classes can be extremely demanding for a working professional as myself .
I also get the latest information concerning the field of education .
In addition , I am able to learn about issues in education from various points of views through classroom discussions that occur online .
I am currently enrolled at UoP .
I am in my 6th week and I have learned a lot about Business Communication .
Before I got " accepted " my academic counselor went through the whole financial aid and student loan application with me .
Well , guess what ? ? ?
Apparently I didn't get accepted for either .
Fasfa didn't send a rejection letter and neither did UoP .
The only way I found out was on my UoP website , where it plainly states that I owe $4,000 for 2 classes .
My counselor will not return my phone calls .
Many of you complaining about DeVry and some of you even think it is a scam .
That is not true at all .
As a matter of fact , it is not where you go it is how you apply yourself and make the most out of your learning experience .
The same class ( i.e computer class ) being teach at Ivy League schools are being offered at DeVry .
Many of you think that you can get a high paying job with a good GPA like 3.5 - 4.0 or going to a better known school ?
That is not true at all because I know peoples that went to top school in the nation like North Western and U OF C and they were struggling to find a job after graduation and in many cases they settled for a job that is not in their field .
In a technical field , they required experience in addition to your degree .
A degree is just a piece of paper like a passport to get you in the door but after that you must prove yourself after that .
I interned for IT companies while going to DeVry and work as much as I can to get alot of experience in programming , networking and business throughout the entire 3 years .
2 months before I graduated , I was offered job to Kanbay International , AllStates and IBM and their starting salary was around 65k ( this is over 8 years ago ) .
While some of the students who were graduated with distinction ( 3.9-4.0 GPA ) can't find a job and have to settle for a less pay job starting at 50K .
So , if any of you think that you can get a good job in technical field(s ) with your degree by itself then you're wrong .
Companies want experience workers and they will hire someone without a college degree even if you can prove that you had real working experience .
Don't get too hang up about where you go to school .
Apply yourself , be prepared for the real world by getting a job in the field that you're studying for and shoot for a B or better average in school and you will be fine .
I just finished my AA in Business/General Studies through UOP ( Axia ) .
I have to admit , I have learned twice as much in this school , with this set up and schedule , than in any other college .
I really think that the topic of UOP is 50-50 ; it goes both ways and there will never be a wrong or a right answer .
It is an opinion and I find it hard to believe that people who attended one class can bad mouth the school ( Some don't even make it through one class , they drop out 2 weeks into it ) .
A bad situation can happen to anyone , and perhaps this resulted in a cost of a lot of money for that person , but I think that , that goes for everything .
If one were to have a bad experience , especially for the first time trying something new , it would appear as something that doesn't work for you .
To go and bad mouth the school based upon this situation is just wrong .
I loved all my experiences with this school and I am proud to say that I will be transferring over to the UOP bachelors in Business Management .
I have met many students who have attended UOP , who have gotten their master's , and gotten employed right away .
I am proud to tell you most of them drive expensive cars , what does that say ?
I have to tell you , if you are debating the school because of what someone else says , you should just give up all together ( would you jump off the cliff with them too ? ) It is expensive , but they work with you and they have always been great ( I got my financial aid with no problems at all ) .
I never would have never been able to finish school had it not been for this school .
I thank God for the creation of something so great for my education .
It really is a Blessing ! !
I'm currently attending the University of Phoenix and will be getting an Associates in Business this winter .
After reading many reviews I was unsure whether my degree would be worth anything .
However , I just obtained a well paying job and was asked no questions about my degree .
As for the classes and the quality of the content , I would say they are average .
You are basically doing home schooling .
Some instructors are good and some are bad .
I recently had an instructor in my biology class who was tough .
I couldn't get away with anything because she was a biology teacher for her local college .
All the labs for science are virtual as well as the math classes .
I do change academic counselors a lot .
But , so far that has not affected my education .
Yes , the time is flexible for classes , but you have to remember there are deadlines for assignments .
In addition , there is a strict attendance policy .
Every person has to post at least two time per week to meet attendance or be dropped from the class .
The worst part of the school is the instructors that just hand out A's .
No matter what I write I get an A . However , I think that even happens in traditional colleges .
I can recall my health teacher @ Mesa Community college teaching for 15 minutes then dismissing us .
She also gave us all A's without trying .
I would reccomend the school if you don't have time to go to a traditional school .
Online education is a blessing for us working adults with children or busy lives .
I know my grammar and writing is rambling but I just wanted to give a quick review to help in any decision making process .
I think CTU is great !
I love this school and I think that you all need to give this college credit .
I've been attending CTU Online for 8 months and never had a mishap or complaint about it .
I had never had a professor give me the answers and not make me work hard for my credits upon each class .
It's not easy , it's actually harder .
Try rasing 4 kids , working full-time and attending college full-time getting nearly 2 hours of sleep working my hardest .
The nearest college is 2 hours away there and back a 4 hour drive .
Thank God for online learning!I'm a single mother and , I am lucky to be here and have a great career opportunity because of being at CTU . Complain about something worthwhile , instead of trying to ruin the credibility of upstanding university that's been around for decades .
As a CTU grad , I can say that CTU is on par with any traditional school in the country .
The business administration degree I earned helped me land a position as a pharmaceutical sales rep .
100k/year .
If you have any sense at all , do not attend this school .
The books they send are not needed for the classes .
The classes have no bearing on what you will be doing in the real world .
The instructors , if you can call them that , don't even try to present information .
The class I just finished the instructor showed slides and then proceeded to just read them .
If you ask questions , she just rereads the slide .
A lot of work for a worthless degree is not my idea of value .
If I could give it a negative star rating , I would .
I graduated with a degree in business ( MBA ) and I have to say this their faculty is top ranked .
They have been very supportive and attentive to my progress .
Unlike with more old fashioned schools , instructors don't teach as much as they facilitate information and provide feedback to each student's research and interpretation of learned materials .
They also help you tie all learned materials to your current job and work experience .
I've found that they are a great asset to network with too .
At Capella , financial aid was a snap !
The community of students is also awesome and I've been able to network with many of them .
The coursework is challenging and you will get what you put into it .
I loved Capella and I hope that they continue their good job .
I have been a UMUC student for 2.5 years now .
I started my education at a main stream college and then kind of lost my way .
I have had some great educational experiences here at UMUC .
My main complaint with UMUC is the disorganization among their administration .
I live in MD ! I should be able to get a hold of someone to give me a straight answer on what classes I need to take in order to graduate .
I have been told several times now several different things concerning what I need in order to graduate .
I was supposed to be done May of this year , and then I found out I needed 12 more credits .
I then went to work trying to complete these credits over the Summer .
I thought I would be done on August 18th of this year .
I found out this morning that I need yet another class .
I am supposed to start Graduate school this Fall ( not at UMUC ) .
If I am not done with my classes by August then I have to defer for a year !
I have already paid a nonrefundable acceptance fee to this graduate school .
Moreover , I just want to be done with my undergraduate degree .
I will have enough ( 120 ) credits by the end of the Summer .
How can these people just lie to adults about their futures ? ? ?
UOP is the worst school that I have ever attended ! !
Not so much the class structure , but the staff are horrible .
I couldn't get in touch with my financial counselor for weeks .
After threatening to withdraw she finally contacted me .
On top of that she didn't process my current student deferment , so one of my loans went to collections ! ! While trying to get things smoothed over , the manager called and was worse than the counselor herself .
The manager was rude , snappy , and cut me off in mid-sentence .
Now because of all of the trouble I have had since starting , I am $1600 in debt .
I will turn everyone I can away from this school .
Yes , Getting Better , I found that also .
This is the biggest reason I decided not to go to this school .
When you want to advance your degree in Psychology , the internship and your placements are just as important as the schools curriculum ( your Master's education ) .
The reason why Capella falls short is because they ARE an online school .
Their geographic location(centrality ) leaves you to find your own mentors/internship which can be very challenging for the average student .
Most of the local schools have first dibs on these internship positions .
If your going to get an advanced degree in Psychology then you should go to a college that is local rather than online .
Think about it !
Applied psych has a relational component to it that you don't get that with most online schools .
The closest school that I have checked out that had a great online program for LMHC was down in Florida and this is because you are mentored online in real time .
This is the way to do it but still you have to find your own internship .
There is also a website the link is : http://www.capellafacts.org/capella_university_reviews.html
And to give an answer back to lifeisgoodoutthere which has since been erased , I find it hard to believe that someone would go through all the work to put together a site like this and not have had a very bad experience .
Its possible though not probable .
So I am going to look further into it and come back on this site and let everyone know what I've found out .
The BBB is a bad place for you to cite because most students wouldn't dream of going there to submit a complaint .
Thats what these sites are for .
Furthermore , if Capella is suing this person and he is lying then he gets what he deserves BUT if he is telling the truth , you can't sue someone for telling the truth or even telling their perspective unless they are malicious and thats hard to prove ! .
The best defense against liable is the truth .
The Supreme Court continues to uphold free speech rights .
There was a case on Angies list where a contractor was not getting work because raters were bad mouthing him so he took the owner of Angies list to court .
They ruled in her favor .
Besides , this guy did do bad work , he was good at selling himself but bad when it came to deliver .
This is no different for Capella or any other institution of higher education .
Why should you be rewarded when you deliver a bad product ?
No one out there should be afraid to tell the truth or let themselves be intimidated not to .
If you are practicing bad business tactics then shape up because your going to lose business because of it , no matter how much people like you try to stop it .
Graduate Student : I'm enrolled in one of DeVry's graduate level programs .
I thought it would be easy , but have found just the opposite .
In reviewing information from other graduate programs [U-of-H and Texas A-M] , DeVry appears to be requiring you to delivery similar work to the traditional classroom study at these campuses .
My suggestion to anyone evaluating DeVry programs , is to checkout a few other universities before deciding .
You might be surprised to find out that DeVry is not a push over .
Good luck in any decision you make .
I have not been , nor will I ever be , a student at capella , but what everyone on this forum seems to be forgetting , or at least ignorant of , is the fact that the APA will not accredit capella so all of you out there who are getting the PhD in Psych , beware .
All that have went to CTU are dumb for not doing there homework and research.Stick to a goverment backed school like your community college or local University!Your
degrees are fake , they will not be respected by any legtimate employer that requires real education!The cat is out of the bag , with respect to the goverment investigations listed below .
CEC , Colorado Technical University's parent company , is currently being investigated by the Securities Exchange Commission ( The Federal Goverment ) [1] the United States Postal Service , and state agencies for various issues of non-compliance .
One Department of Justice investigation that begun in 1994[2]was terminated in April 2007 , with the Department of Justice declining prosecution .
However , another investigation on a different matter was begun by the Civil Division of the Department of Justice in June 2006 and is currently ongoing .
[3] In January 2007 , the U.S . Department of Education lifted its restrictions on the company opening new schools or acquiring existing ones.[
CEC's most profitable division , American InterContinental University , has been on probation since December 2005 with its accrediting agency , SACS.[5]
The probation status was reviewed after one year , in December 2006 , and extended an additional 12 months.In
December 2007 , SACS is scheduled to determine whether AIU will have its probation lifted or will lose its' accreditation status.[6] [edit] External links
I have just completed my first set of courses in my undergraduate degree at Capella University .
I have to say that Capella University truly holds to quality education as well has helping learn new business skills to be effective in my career .
Not to mention their customer service is second to none and I am truly appreciative of online education .
I EARNED my BSIT from Capella a year ago .
As it has been the case with every educational institution I have attended , I had good instructors and bad instructors , easy courses and hard courses .
I remember there were a few courses at Capella where classmates actually went crying to the administration about the instructors being too strict or demanding .
I encountered several students that actually expected a degree handed to them simply because this was an on-line education and they had to pay for it .
They are / were usually the vocal complainers about one thing or the other .
In my case , I did or I should say , my employer got its money's worth .
Like everything else in life , expect to get out of it what you put into it .
No more , no less .
I just sign up to attend next week so far I have not had any problems .
I just want to know if any one have there associates degree in health adminstration and how it helped get a better job ?
I am a student in the healthcare management program and it has proved at times to be very intense and difficult , Especially if you also work 50 , or for those who work 40 hours , or more a week .
I have also learned a lot .
Some have had good experiences and some have had bad , don't discount UOP if you don't know anything about it .
I just recently enrolled with UOP online , this would be my first experience attending an online course .
At first i was a bit apprehensive , but onc i got started it seems pretty simple .
I was not aware of so many horrible opinions of the university .
Which have me questionging if i had made a mistake .
Yes it is extrememly expensive , almost three times more than what i was paying per credit hour , so much that the military tuition cannot cover all of it .
I have noticed when contacting my councelor it is hard to get a hold of them , and when i leave voice mails i never receive phone calls back .
One issue that extremely disturbed me was just recently i received an email stating there was an error in my paper work and that i could not be matriculated ( i find this out now two weeks into my class ) .
I contacted the finance office the person on the other end was short , and pointless with responses to my answers ( i am beginning to wonder ) .
I have gathered the impression of the people in class as being fools .
It seems most of them are on there to get by and pay for their degree .
It sounds exspensively convinient , but it does not work for me when i need to IMPLEMENT my skills .
I am going to continue in my undergraduate program and continue to carefully examin the quality of my experience at UOP online .
For now i have had a somewhat decent experience , concerning at one point but decent for the moment .
More posts to come .
I suspect this site was created for some good reasons .
In the computer age , we are in a fight for REAL DEGREE DIPLOMA vs FAKE DEGREE DIPLOMA .
CAMPUS vs VIRTUAL SUCCESS .
There is a bitter fight with scare tactics and propaganda to veer individuals away from certain schools of online learning .
I think it is great that people have an area to vent , but the creator of this site and all of us should be careful not to conclude misleading information to individuals about AIU or any other school , unless we have concrete evidence at hand .
I can understand someone being upset and reporting or telling others , but some people have had a great experience at AIU , UOP , and other institutions that have bad comments on the site .
Each experience is different and my heart goes out to any misfortunes .
I have a TRADITIONAL Bachelor of Science Degree and I'm strongly considering achieving my Master of Science online .
To be factual , all higher learning advisors and administration usually have degrees in business , because all higher learning institutions are " for profit " and are ultimately " a business " just like any other business in the world .
They are offering an education and marketable services , Right ?
When someone finds a free of tuition school , call me .
I could really save on my Masters .
There isn't a school diminished from flaw that cannot be placed on probation for the slightest unmet conditions .
If a school meets the necessities of the US Department , then they are accredited and I doubt any employer would turn away a U S Department accredited degree .
If so , they are idiots , because most employees don't have a traditionl or online degree for that matter .
When it's all said and done our children in the future and mostly all schools(even highschool , and elementary ) will be virtual in some regards in just a short time .
Then what will empoyers , students , and other angered " for profit " schools in competition benefit from trying to put any degree or school in the " inadequate school pages of the worldwide web " Accelerated means just that , faster and more intense .
I believe most any basic degree ( not including any field of Doctorates , they need efficient practicum , etc . ) can be earned in a year or two as long as you earn each degree in a respectable order and earn it through a high standard curriculum and educator .
Most universities prolong education , not just for the assurance or sake of a student's adequate education , but for financial gain also .
Anyone that has been through college can probably relate to what I'm saying .
When I contacted AIU , the first thing they asked was did I have at least an Associates to apply , becasue at first they thought I wanted a Bachelors .
Although I have a higher degree , it was already initialized if I didn't have an Associates I couldn't apply for a Bachelors .
Now , I don't know about you , but most colleges online or traditional institutions don't do this .
This could be a good or bad thing .
Some will see it as holding a higher stander of entry into an educational institution and some will see it as bank robbery .
Beware though , sometimes this is used in order to make more money from innocent first-time students that really desire a Bachelors Degree , but not yet have the Associate level completed .
This could be an attempted tactic used in marketing to ultimately make more money overall from an individual student if they decide to continue their Bachelors after gaining their Associates through the same institution , because of strong encouragement through faculty and administration .
Last but not least , here is a link to check out some REAL TRUTHS about US Department higher learning institutions .
If you ever have a question about any school , investigate it here http://ope.ed.gov/accreditation/ .
Keep in mind that institutions aren't obligated to have a listing with the U S Department of Education , but it is wise to choose any school that is .
This will help you to achieve more from future employers and educational opportunities .
I apologize for any typographical errors .
My time was very limited to make this post .
I think this site has its purpose .
It does encourage people to investigate universities before applying .
Everyone keep sharing thoughts and using your own abilities and minds to select the right institution regarding your own individual preferences and expectations .
University of Phoenix was a surprising disappointment .
As a working professional , I have two bachelors , I oversee multi-million dollar estates , and will spend 60 or 70-hours a week at work if the job demands it .
I'm not a stranger to hard work .
I enrolled and was accepted into the MBA program and was greeted by many happy , helpful people that went the extra mile to get me enrolled in the university .
Unfortunately , by my 4th class I was fully aware of a frustrating trend that my fellow classmates also commented on regularly .
The professors are more of a conversation mediator among the students than an actual professor .
Assignments were passed down , but when asked to clarify the assignment because the syllabus had contradicting , poorly worded , information , my professors regularly responded...."refer to the syllabus"....but wait , the syllabus IS the question .
It never seemed to matter .
The biggest issue I had with UOP is that the professors really didn't seem to care .
Students would be expected to post generally around 2 postings a day for four days ( 8-postings minimum , 200-words min .
per posting...and that's just to get your 2-points for attendance/participation that week ) ; in addition there were the normal assignments to complete as well ( anywhere from 200-words to 3000+ words ) , these could be work 7 to 20-points .
For a master's level program , I had expected and welcomed a heavy workload .
By my 2nd and 3rd class in the program , a 10-17 page paper wasn't uncommon .
The disappointing part of the program was that the professors would generally only mark your postings with a green S ( substantiative=good ) or a red U ( unsubstantiative=poor ) .
You could only see the professor's marks for your posting , not for anyone else's .
If someone posted something that was off target for the class , only that person and the professor would know .
It was very easy for people in the class to spend time reading and studying a topic that had no bearing on the intended class forum .
Discussions would regularly take side steps and stray away from the topics at hand .
If you organized everyone in the class by how much they contributed to the topic and to the conversations , the professors always seemed to be towards the bottom of the list .
I found that I spent most of my time learning from my fellow students .
The " real-life " experience of the professors were never passed along .
A standard response from my professors would be that of a sentence fragment .
Assignments and Discussion Questions ( DQs ) seemed like they were copied and pasted from previous classes .
The responses to the student's postings were minimal .
By the time I transferred out of UOP , I was posting between 15 to 25 postings per week plus assignments just get meet the requirements .
In a 6-week class , I only counted 3 comments from the professors directly to me and two directed to my team .
Who's on the other end " teaching " these courses ?
As for the program as a whole , it is organized in a semi-structured manner .
Finding your way through the site is above average and the tools provided ( such as the writing center ) are great !
The materials being kept online is a bit cumbersome .
Personally I like to have books I can flip through , highlight things , or be able to keep my finger on a page to flip back and forth as I dwell into a concept .
Ebooks , are less friendly in this fashion .
Plan on taking a lot of notes as your read or you'll be lost when you have to quote the text ( which you will regularly do !
Every week in order to get full points ! ! ! ! )
Now when it comes to the staff , they are very close to the same level as the faculty .
My academic counselor was nearly non-existent ; emails generally went unanswered or had a generic response referring to documents kept on the website .
Trying to get anyone to actually answer a question directly basically never happened ( staff or faculty ) .
When I finally decided to transfer out of UOP , I notified three people of my intention ( my academic counselor , my enrollment counselor , and my financial counselor ) ; not one of them has ever asked me why am I leaving , is there anything they can do or check into , would a different program be better , is there something going on in my life that is causing the problem , is it the university , would I like to put my studies on hold and try again later....nothing !
The only communication I had was from my financial counselor regarding the status of my student loans .
While the University of Phoenix claims to be a University , I never found the " higher education " there .
Before considering enrolling in the University of Phoenix , do some web searches for online degree programs .
Don't just go with the ones at the top of the list as they are generally the schools that simply put the most money into marketing their name ; as I have learned you don't always get what you pay for !
All I received was a high pressure sales job , and trust me , I know what a hig pressure sales job is , I used to write the scripts for them .
I told my " advisor " that I was doing research on online education and 30 minutes later he gave me a deadline .
The next day he called me and started to chew me out for missing the deadline ? ? ? ?
What's up with that ?
For the next 3 days , his " supervisor " called me and tried to embarrass me into sending him an application fee since they had done so much work on my behalf to get me enrolled .
He insisted that i owed at least that to them .
I told him to sue me for it .
Getting my masters and I think it is a good school .
Had one terrible prof but the rest were very good and learned a bunch of new things .
Really fast paced .
You almost have to kill yourself to keep up .
slept 4 hours a night last week so I could do my schoolwork .
If you are willing to give up a year of your life to get a graduate school degree this place is for you if not go elsewhere .
CTU will really push you to the limit turning in assignments .
At the end of the day , anyone considering Capella ( or any other school , for that matter ) will have to make his or her own choice .
I chose Capella and have no regrets whatsoever .
I am now in my sixth quarter in the O and M PhD program , and have completed my residency requirement .
I am getting a very high quality education and am receiving excellent support from faculty and administration alike .
Every complaint or issue I have had has been quickly resolved with a simple phone call or email .
But don't just take my word for it ; consider as many well-respected , objective sources of opinions as you can gets your hands on , and THEN form your own opinion .
Examples include regional accrediting bodies such as North Central ( http://www.ncahigherlearningcommission.org/ ) , the Sloan Consortium ( http://www.sloan-c.org/ ) ,
or Noel-Levitz ( http://www.noellevitz.com/ ) .
I don't know why this site seems to attract people who have sour grapes with respect to Capella , and I don't know what motivates them to pretend they are a better judge of academic excellence than those who make their living assessing the academic quality of insitutes of higher learning .
My advice is that you consider that they are entitled to their opinion , but that you do your homework in order to make an informed choice .
Education is what you put into it and the UOP is no different .
Some people need their hand held and will not do well in an independent environment .
What ever the UOP lacks in interaction , it makes up for in developing discipine , leadership and planning skills .
All undergrad degrees are about accomplishing goals and the UOP helps people achieve those goals just as much as any other school .
I have over 70 hours at " regualr " Universities and have found that UOP classes are just as challenging and provide the student with just as much opportunity to learn .
To lifeisgoodoutthere : I've just reported you to the administrative area of RateItAll...AGAIN !
May I point out to you the message on the top of the screen that states that " All reviews off topic will be removed , as well as those that challenge the integrity of other reviewers".To
other readers and potential reviewers out there , please be patient while RateItAll works this problem out .
This person has just had numerous reviews yanked off of this site just last week because they refuse to be civil and respectful of anothers viewpoint and experiences with Capella .
This person also has numerous aliases so watch out for their reviews .
The site will find them all and take away their right to post if they keep it up .
I graduated from AIU online with a BIT Programming .
I decided to finish my education with a online school after 8 years of attending a State Uni .
I had a serious problem with the state uni , I was never able to get into any of my classes , due to time constraints , I worked fulltime all the way through school , and because freshman had priority on all GE classes .
What this equaled was 8 years of college , all GEs except math complete and my major classes were never scheduled so I could attend .
I ended up taking 2 classes a semester because I due to the state colleges bureaucracy I was never able to find or enroll in classes that would work with a fulltime schedule .
My biggest fear was that if I ever finished school I would never even use my degree , after all , at the time I was working in a retail store with several college grads doing the same thing as me .
I entered AIU with a beginners level in computers .
I had worked with some programming but not much .
The classes were laid out in a progressive manner , as with math you need to have a foundation before you can start building on it and AIU took this into account .
My instructors were well versed in the subjects they taught and had just as many if not more office hours than , my State Uni , that they could be approached for help .
Because it is an accelerated program the classes move fast and it is very easy to fall behind .
If you are considering AIU you will need to be ready to apply yourself in order to get the work done , because no room for procrastinators here !
The course work was very challenging and I really walked away from this school with an education I can apply to my everyday life .
I am even working a job now where I use skills that are directly related to my degree and lessons I learned at AIU .
How many other people can say that as well ?
I recently graduated from the UOP Pasadena , CA campus and was accepted to the Loyola Marymount MBA/MS Systems Engineering program .
If you can look past the study groups and manage the costs ( I am a veteran and receive the other 50% from my employer ) , it's a pretty good school .
I can imagine why many become disenchanted over the cost though .
Course workload is daunting , but you can't beat the flexibility .
I'm midway through a PhD in organization and management at Capella .
To this point , the instructors have been engaged , providing significant feedback , and well qualified .
My fellow learners are intelligent , hardworking , and have plenty of real-world experience to share .
I am finding the experience very worthwhile and rigorous .
UOP financial aid department lacks professional workers which are rude and condesending .
After about 9 months of trying to apply for financial aid , my funds were not certified due to the financial aid department not doing what they were suppose to do .
Not to mention , I also was approved for the full Pell Grant , but due to the school not getting my funds certified...at all , I recieved nothing from my pell grant .
I have called countless times to managers and even the director of financial aid and recieved no phone calls back .
I am still trying to fight this issue , but at the same time am stuck with a $3500 dollar bill , in which if I don't make a payment soon , they threaten to put on my credit report .
If anyone out there is thinking about trying UOP Online . . . DON'T !
It's a waste of money and you'll get screwed .
I never thought a university such as UOP could be so dishonest and untrustworthy as they are .
I will never recommend UOP to anyone .
This is by far one of the worst universities out there .
Capellastudent,On one side , I think you are correct in saying that it is clear that the fellow who runs the anti capella websites also is posting here .
However , he is not the only person who has expressed concerns about their degrees , and I can guarantee you that , at least in my case , I have not posted anywhere else on the subject.Regarding the argument you make about teaching , it has several problems .
First , just because 80% of these people are teaching , does not mean that the capella degree got them those jobs , or that the degree will be considered by those institutions when they have completed it .
I know someone who was hired as professionally qualified with a master's degree .
They are enrolled in an online program for a Ph.D . but their institution has already indicated that they will not recognize the degree , nor allow the person to use the title Dr . when they have it.Second , you do not specify the type of employment ( adjunct , full-time , tenure track ect . ) .
I know quite a few people with Master's degrees who teach as adjuncts .
I also know several who teach full-time , but in non-tenure-track positions.Third ,
you don't mention what type of schools they are teaching at .
The vast majority of people with unaccredited ( professionally ) Ph.D.s tend to work at private colleges or community colleges .
If that's your goal , then you're fine .
I will reiterate however , that most colleges of business will not consider a Ph.D . from a non-AACSB college of business .
I suspect it is similar in other fields that have professional accrediting bodies .
I had a nightmare with Capella University .
They kept telling me that my loan had not been approved yet .
Three weeks later , they sent me a bill for almost $2,000.00
because I did not drop the course .
I still have no clue what kind of nonsense is this .
I will certainly sue them in federal court .
UOP is a good school either online or going to the ground campus .
Of course it is not as good as NorthWestern or Harvard but this is a different kind of school .
This is a college desgined to help adults who are already employed full-time who do not have the time to go to a traditional school .
The classes are tailored so these students can still learn and earn their degrees .
The class material is just as indepth and challenging as I have taken at the University of Illinois and far more challenging than my local community college .
The majority of the complaints have been about counselors or financial aid as well as strong selling tactics .
This is all true but the goal of students is to get a good education an to earn a degree .
If you go out to eat and have bad service or if you buy a car and hate the hassel the salesman does that mean that your food was bad or that the car you bought was bad ?
No , it means parts of the process were not desireable but the end product was good .
UOP has instructors who are all working in their field right now , they are in the mix everyday and pass along this information to students .
The material is not week nor is the work load requirements from the students .
I am almost finished with my degree and I feel that the education I have earned has been just as good as when I went to U of I . Dont let people tell you it is a degree mill , it is not !
These people have not taken classes at UOP and are making blanket statements about UOP just because it is not a traditional school .
I am 2 weeks away from getting my Bachelor's in Business/Finance .
All I can say is that this school is a total waste of time .
The people that are in the classes are the most illiterate , incompetent bunch of brain dead zombies you'll ever encounter .
On EVERY " learning team " I have been in , me and another person were always the ones doing all the work ( familiar story ? ) .
Everyone else came up with the usual UOP excuses : " I'm sorry , I had personal issues " ; " I'm sorry , I had a family emergency " ; " I'm sorry , I had computer trouble " .
Basically , these are issues that you can't argue with but you know are total BS...towards the end I just completed assignments myself and submitted the team papers with only my work showing because I refused to have my grade compromised due to incompetence .
As far as learning , like other people said you really have to WANT to learn the material .
If you bust your ass and do all the reading , answer all the sample problems in the book and are motivated , you will learn plenty .
If you sit on your lazy ass and BS your responses , you will learn absolutely nothing but you will still probably get an A...or maybe a B+ if you were really horrible .
Now that I am at the end of my Bachelor's program , I feel so unfulfilled that I am going into a ( real ) school for my Master's .
Even though I have a career and most likely won't need either the Bachelor's or Master's , I need to complete a real graduate school just for piece of mind .
This place was a waste of time and I wouldn't recommend it .
I did learn about my major but only because I wanted to...the rest of the tool bags did nothing yet got the same grade as me .
Maybe I'm the sucker afterall . . .
I'm just starting at DeVry Online in WA state .
I've had a great experience so far .
I really like that my advisor ACTUALLY CARES about my success and always keeps me up to date , and even calls occasionally to check in and make sure I'm still on track .
My Community College credits transferred just fine , I entered DeVry as a high sophomore .
The financial aid office has been extremely helpful .
Here is some REAL ADVISE : Those of you who say DeVry's support staff don't do their job need to take more initiative on your own because nobody will do it for you , even at a traditional state school .
Whether you need help with $$ , tutoring , job placement . . . there is only so much that someone else can do for you and the rest you must do on your own or not at all .
This fault , if you have it , will follow you throughout your professional career as well ; I think that is why some grads can't find jobs , they rely on job placement services too heavily .
Don't blame your problems on someone else because they are just that - YOUR problems .
A word of caution to High School students : I am an adult student , I already have 5+ years of experience in my field and I only went back to school because I know for a fact I will be promoted to management when I get my degree ; I've discussed this path with my bosses and they are all onboard and none seem sceptical about the quality of education at DeVry .
If I was just out of high school I would not choose DeVry because I look at this school as a good place to CONTINUE my education .
If I was just out of high school , I would look to a more traditional school for higher education because with a bare resume , you want the best , most recognized school possible .
I chose DeVry because I work 40-50 hours per week and I can't attend classes in person ( there's not enough time in the day ! ) , and they also offer a degree that is very specific to my field .
The price was a little shocking , but considering my program is accelerated the cost is not as much as you'd think , less time = less money .
This is the right fit for me , but do your homework because it might not be for you !
I am currently attending Western International University .
Western International University is a branch of University Of Phoenix Online .
I have been attending this university for 6 months now and have had a wonderful experience .
I attended Old Dominion University in Norfolk , VA , which is a great school , but it was extremely difficult to find time in my busy schedule to attend class .
It was a 25-minute drive , if you didn't hit traffic .
Finding parking was a challenge and I was tired all of the time .
Having a career and attending school full time is overwhelming .
I did not take the easy way out .
I just explored my options .
The option to go to school when I want while obtaining an accredited degree was unimaginable ; however , available .
Transferring from ODU to University of Phoenix Online was the best thing I have ever done .
It is very challenging .
One must have self-discipline to attend this university .
There is a lot of writing and researching involved .
It is not easy whatsoever ; however , it is convenient .
Regarding financial aid , enrollment , and academic counselors , there have been no issues .
Financial aid is something that you pretty much take care of yourself through the FAFSA website .
The financial aid counselors are just there for guidance .
My enrollment counselor explained the positives and negatives of the university .
She explained , " This is not for everyone " .
She was very honest and helpful .
She did not bribe me with her words as some have stated .
My academic counselor was too good .
Honestly , he called too much .
I felt like I couldn't keep up with him .
I'm sure that some of you have had bad experiences as with anyone , anywhere .
For example , department stores , car dealerships , airlines , etc .
Just because one employee misrepresents a company , doesn't mean you should bad mouth it .
Everyone deserves a second chance .
Words that best describe this school and WIU : ATROSCIOUS , SHOCKING , UPSETTING , UNSPEAKABLE , DISPICABLE , LIARS .
This school is terrible when it comes to honesty and intergrity .
The counselors do not communicate with you , and are appalling .
They lie and note that they have communicated with you and never contacted you .
The instructors are very inconsistant , but it doesn't surprise me as the entire staff seems to be .
I am so dissapointed in this school , all I ever heard about was university of phoenix .
I think at some point they were a number one online school , but somewhere they have lost what may have qualified them to be a number 1 school .
I also was duped with my financial aid and loans .
They don't care about anything but money .
The classes I had were worthless .
I had better classes in the community college I attended , now I wish I had stayed .
The desire to have convience for me , is above all .
I am looking at many online universities , and JIU seems to have the best Ed.D program in leadership .
The admissions office has been helpful .
It may be more expensive , but I think my degree will be earned and not bought .
I have been a student for almost a year at UOP and I have had no problems with it .
It did concern me reading all the bad reviews , but I never experienced anything that those reviews were stating .
The classes can get challenging at times , but I've always been able to get a hold of the instructor either online or by phone .
They've been a great help .
I would recommend UOP to a friend .
I have heard nothing but good things about the university of phoenix online .
I don't know why people see online learning as some sort of lesser form of education , it takes alot more dedication , skills and intelligence to succeed at an online degreee .
I took some online courses before and I loved it .
I enrolled in a degree program for a BA in Business Management .
This may be the biggest mistake I ever made .
I was completely upfront about my intentions to use my employee benefit to pay for the program .
Since I only get $8000/yr from my employer , this meant that I needed to stop taking classes in June of 2005 .
When I sent an email requesting to stop classes my advisor suggested I could be covered by 2 more since I had some personal problems and failed a couple of classes .
So I was encouraged to stick through 2 more classes .
She failed to disclose you can't simply do 2 classes you obligate to 4 classes . . . this means I would pay out of pocket for 2 classes at a rate of about $2500 .
To make matters worse . . .
I was told to apply for FASFA .
At first they say this does not obligate you to a student loan .
But somehow I ended up with one that got dispersed to them without my knowledge .
I am filing credit fraud against the school .
They say they have the money so it is theirs . . . and it's my problem how I resolve it .
Any calls that I make to complain are met with the response that I am the sucker .
I agree with the above sentiment . . . RUN AWAY ! !
I got my MS in CIS from UOP , and since then I have been promoted , and I am able to teach part time at a local college in my area .
Overall , my income , which was pretty good before , has risen over 20% as a DIRECT result of my degree from UOP .
I graduated from the University of Virginia ( UVA ) for my undergraduate degree , and the work at UOP was at least as hard as the work at UVA , which is one of the very top public schools in the nation .
I am a good writer , and UOP improved my writing .
I am a good manager , and UOP improved my management skills .
I am a good technician , and UOP improved my understanding of the interaction of business and technical aspects of our field .
UOP helped me be more disciplined in my work ethic , and UOP helped me refine my ability to communicate .
When we finished our degree program , I missed the daily debates , discussion and feedback .
The traditional model of school - lecture , reading , etc , with possibly a discussion section once per week - is not nearly as much fun as daily online interaction with a group of highly motivated , dynamic classmates .
UOP is NOT perfect - we had a couple professors that were not great ( most of our professors were very good , with relevant , current field experience ) , and my financial aid counselors DID change constantly .
Some of our team projects were hindered by people not doing their share .
The experience would be better if they had a bit more standards as to whom they let in - we had one teammate who did not write English well , which meant we had to do or re-do most of his work on our team projects ( welcome to real life ! ) .
However , no one lied to me , pressured me , or refused to return my calls .
Actually , I almost never HAD to call anyone .
Everything was taken care of when needed .
Not a problem .
Most of my classmates stayed together through the entire program , and they were great .
The best part of the program was learning from my classmates and professors through online discussion .
Very rich experiences from which to draw .
Some people talk about accreditation : UOP is accredited the same as traditional schools - by the regional accrediting agency nationally recognized by the Dept of Education ( North Central Association , in this case ) .
There is no higher accreditation you can get , in general .
I cannot speak about the MBA program , and what accreditation is needed for that specifically .
If the UOP MBA is not going to be recognized as much as you would like , then don't get one there .
You can find an MBA program on any street corner .
I can easily recommend UOP to a lot of people .
Not perfect , but was great for me .
The University of Phoenix doesn't get enough credit .
Its on-line program , the first in the world,has proven this is a viable route for many people to earn a higher education , in fact most colleges are scrambling to follow its lead .
The Uninversity has a group of highly educated Facilitators and the 24/7 tech support team is first rate with easy access .
I would highly recommend this school .
I do not know the quality of the education at this school .
I am sure it is fine as it is self paced and you get what you are willing to put in to it , I suspect .
However , the people that do the admissions need lots of training .
They are very nice people until you deviate from what they want you to do .
Then they become abusive .
I literally was screamed at and hung up on .
Screamed at isn't like spoken to in an angry voice .
Screamed at like at the top of your lungs , like a little child having a tantrum .
After complaining to someone named Matt Veril who said , he was sorry if I was upset but wasn't " there " when it happened so couldn't say anything about it . . uh hello ?
I haven't ever met a supervisor that would take the side of a badly behaving employee .
Sounds to me like it is a tactic they use .
Because not one but two different departments tried to strong arm me .
I think the school probably is a good one , but they need to come up with a different way to admit people .
The way it is now , they wont keep many clients .
All you have submitted are accusations that have not went forth to determine CTU as an unfit educational institution .
Walmart and Home Depot have accusations applied to them almost on a daily basis .
We can't stop venture capitalist or investment firms from purchasing what they think is an investment .
This is why we have checks and balances including government oversight .
Anyone can accuse someone for something . . . .
I came from microbiology background and I wanted a management position in life sciences so I attended university of phoenix online .
For me it was a great experience because I learned many new business concepts .
I think university of phoenix online provides excellent educational opportunity for professionals who work full-time and want to persue with a graduate program in MBA .
Overall , I was satisfied with UOP Online .
My GPA was 3.73 .
Mr . Arslan
My experience at UOP has been quite rewarding both on a personal and professional level .
Here is my two cents with regard to the MBA flexnet program .
I graduated in September of 2007 at the Western Washington campus .
The majority of the instructors in the graduate business program were very good to excellent , however at any institution ( top ivy league institutions included ) there are bound to be a few bad apples and UOP is no exception .
Even in a city like Seattle , recently ranked as the #1 educated city in America http://encarta.msn.com/encnet/Departments/elearning/?article=educatedcities variation in the circles of academia is not uncommon .
Therefore , you must realize this fact exists at any institution , so grow up and get over it .
You must be stubbornly determined to stay the course and finish the program .
Yes , the learning team environment has pros and cons , but what learning model is perfect ?
I was fortunate to have stayed with two members of my learning team for most of the program and one relocated for an outstanding career opportunity after about 85% of the program was complete .
I believe what set our team apart from others is newcomers had to prove themselves , otherwise they were provided an exit strategy upon course completion .
Sounds cruel ?
Well , thats part of life and perhaps the individual learned something in the rejection process that is reflected in the working world .
Otherwise , you are crippling them in the educational process and the future challenge of life .
Additionally , our team kept each other accountable through constant contact and meetings .
If you expect the professor to manage your learning team , they dont have the time and your team is responsible to assume ownership .
Brainstorm a process and use it or you will be disappointed and discouraged .
One negative issue I have with the school is the incessant online marketing campaign .
In some ways potential students can view this negatively and may give the appearance of lowering academic rigor and quality , which is not the case in the MBA program .
Hence , I lowered my rating to four stars .
In terms of promotional opportunities , I interviewed for an internal position with my company and I received a substantial increase in salary ( double digit ) and responsibility .
After graduation , I still keep in touch with many colleagues and the student alumni association at www.phoenixalumni.com
Networking is perhaps the single most powerful tool one can use to uncover career possibilities .
There will always be negative people , especially with the current paradigm shift occurring in academia .
This pattern is typical of new issues that arise with the advent of technology and education is no different .
Consider the evolution of other issues ( i.e . workplace , political , economic ) that have changed over the past generation .
Initially change is resisted , evolves over a period of time and eventually become a standard policy or procedure .
Furthermore , at minimum verify the online program is regionally accredited .
I wish you the best of luck in your future education .
My graduate education at UOP has served me well thus far .
I would not recommend this school to anyone .
After they got me enrolled I had difficulty getting responses from staff .
Prior to my enrollment , they were super quick at responding .
The teacher was useless .
Classes are 5 weeks long , and she had not given out grades or feedback until the 4th week started , even though she was supposed to do it weekly .
She ignored questions in the classroom newsgroup , and when pushed about getting feedback she got nasty and started posting about how we should respect those in authority .
Give me a break .
For the price , I expected top quality .
What I got was total unprofessionalism .
The learning teams are a pain too , so beware of those .
Then they only allowed me credit for about half of my prior work , which tacks on a year and several thousand dollars .
Forget it .
I am a proud full time Mother of an 11 year old son ; a wife ; and during the day a hard working IT Program Manager for a major automotive company .
The University of Phoenix is a blast and with only three classes left I am sad that the program is almost over .
I complete my final class on May 1st , 2006 .
I have really enjoyed being able to attend an accelerated program .
I have never had the time to get board with any given topic .
While the program is challenging it has been a wonderful learning experience .
I plan to move onto a Masters program upon completing the program here .
After working in the IT field since 1984 I am happy to say that the topic of Information Technology is never a boring one .
I thank the college for their wonderful program that emphasized team work ; individual study ; and even included global collaboration with people from all backgrounds .
I would like to thank my professors as well for a wonderful job !
I also owe thanks to my mentor for believing in me--pressing me to move the bar further to better myself .
What started out as something for the work environment has become a personally enriching experience .
I never imagined that I would strive to maintain a GPA so that I may graduate with a degree that shows the seal of honors .
That has been my goal for quite sometime .
After a few classes , it was no longer about doing this to move a head on the job .
It is about seeing the world through new eyes based on the world known as education .
From Socrates to Plato , Critical Thinking to Java , Geography of World Commerce to eCommerce--we have learned to see things in a new light .
We have grown and this turned in to an enriching experience that none of us will ever forget .
I am truly blessed for family , friends , fellow students , and to have had the privilege of learning....Many take education for granted when there are people in the world who cannot even get their basic needs met .
You see before school here at UoP I thought global about work ; however , never about the global people--there is a difference .
A huge vast world to see and learn about--we have only scratched the surface here !
I am more tuned in to the world and technology , I can proudly say .
I also care more about my neighbors around the world in a new way .
Great school .
Knowledgeable teachers and good programs .
For a program that serves a lot of military personnel , I didn't find degree programs that supported my military career .
Telephone calls and e-mail to Maryland personnel were not responded to .
That telephone just rang and rang and rang .
Other universities offered better choices in terms of majors , and transfer credit for military personnel .
So , eventually I went with another program .
I think one can only suck it up and drive on for so long before getting fed up and moving on .
Sorry UMUC , you don't provide quality services for the money you expect .
I'm a current student of UOP .
I think that if some one ask me " Are you here for a diploma ? "
my answer is " YES " .
I'm finishing my BSIT , and after talking to dozen of friends and other professionals that are in the IT industry , the diploma is all you need to get the opportunity to sit with an HR and have an interview .
99% of all professionals told me that 99% of the times , experience is key to get a job in IT . Besides , every IT company that hires fresh out of collage IT graduates as soon as the hiring happens , the person gets send to training on what the job for the person will be .
Regarding learning , you learn if you do your work .
I can sit around and make excuses all the time and have other people do the work , but I opt to do the reading and to participate to learn basic skills .
What collage teach you technical skills from top to buttom ?
If you're in one , you should be call a technician , not a college graduate .
Collage will teach the basics and the roots people need to understand to then take more specific training ( by the company ) on the actual work to be performed .
I don't think UOP should be deminish because of some people that think they're the smartest people on earth , nor for people that didn't appreciate the value of going to school and earn a bachelor's degree from the conform of the home with flexible schedule .
For those that don't like UOP , think the following : The next time you sit on a nice office making 50K or more because of the UOP degree you have stock on the wall , and 10% of what you do is what UOP gave you in education and 90% comes from the employer trainning , but your employer wouldn't hire you without that diploma you have on the wall , think again what your opinion of UOP will be .
I am an Elementary Ed student with Saint Leo University at one of the satelite campuses .
Overall my experience with the teachers has rated a 5 out of 5 . The instruction has been wonderful .
The Academic Advisor has always been willing to listen and she is an exceptional administrator .
However , One particular ( adjunct ) instructor is very limited when it comes to using a computer and her evaluations and comments are not consistant .
She does not seem to be able to work with students who have disabilitys .
I have had great reveiws up until now and may not graduate because one observer has thrown a wrench in things .
It is scary to think that you can work hard for four years only to have one person ruin it for you .
I would reccomend anyone taking Elementary Education to think twice about taking it at a satelite campus or at least request an observer who is competent if they are uncomfortable with the person observing them .
However , The teachers are outstanding and the instruction and assessment is fair.Saint Leo truly cares about its students but will not admit or send another observer if you request one to get a second opinion .
It is not worth the expense to go into elementary education if you can lose it all at the last minute .
You would be better off getting a degree in another feild and then applying for certification with the Department of Education .
I have not experienced any major problems with UMUC .
Most of the course I have taken were well structured and facilitated learning .
You do have to rely upon yourself to learn the material , but the weekly assignments complemented the assigned reading .
In order to succeed at UMUC you have to be self motivated and well disciplined .
I wonder how many of the people posting negative ratings here have obtained a degree at all .
I have completed 96 hours with UMUC and have had a positive experience for the most part .
Granted it is not a perfect systems and some instructors are more involved than others , but it has and will help me in my career .
As for the the person who doesn't list their Master's degree recieved from UMUC on their resume you must have some educational pedigree .
Please don't go here .
They were or still is on probation .
They are also too expensive and not very challenging .
You only have to earn 3 credits in Math-Business Math .
You want to be proud in the college you attend and AIU is not one .
Save your money .
I was enrolled at UOP for a single class and quickly realized it was a complete waste of time and money .
The group projects were unbelievable , the subject matter completely useless , and the instructor was less than helpful , not to mention 2yrs later I am still getting spam mail from UOP .
I ended up going to AIU Online , which has a 100% better format and layout .
Unfortunately that completely useless class I took at UOP won't transfer to anything else .
Also UOP had tacked on an extra yr to my degree due to missing Associates level courses , however AIU let me complete all of the missing credits using CLEP tests .
Thanks to AIU I graduate with my BSIT in 5 more wks .
I asked a Devry ECT advisor in Pomona CA why Devry was called a University .
He gave me a dictionary and asked me to look it up .
So I looked up 'University' .
I understand the definition but he didn't answer my question .
Why is Devry called a university ?
Who grants the accreditation and which accreditation are the most important ?
I wanted a side by side comparison but the advisor just shut me out .
If you're young , you have the time to go to a four year college .
Do that instead .
It's cheaper and classes won't be cancelled because no one enrolled but you .
I wish I've known this ; I came from a foreign country and thought this was a good 'shortcut' .
By shortcut I'm mean learning only the stuff you need to know for your major .
Devry , Keller , Phoenix or some Tech schools keep calling me but I pay no attention to them .
It's a good thing I supplemented my Devry degree with classes from a neighboring community college , mainly math classes .
By the way , if you pay for a service , you are a customer .
Because of that you should demand your money's worth .
Don't let them treat you like a student ; you're a customer before you're a student .
At the beginning of my enrollment , I signed papers relieving me of my ability to manage my account .
I was thinking , cool they can manage it for me .
But that isn't the truth .
They will charge you for stuff that no one really knows about .
I asked several employees why they were charging tech fee ?
They couldn't answer my question .
I took it up with the accountant , he said it was out of his hands .
He said they have to change it in Chicago where the headquaters is located .
I'm taking an online accounting course from home and youre charging me tech fee ?
It doesn't make sense to me .
The Devry accounting system looks like 1960's print out .
Who the hell use's that system ?
More problems :
They couldn't get my name right , my personal info was never updated , I still get forwarded mail from my previous addresses which are a month late .
The community college I go to isn't much better in the way of equipment but I believe the USA is really suffering from lack of money for the school system .
Education should never be for sale in the first place .
Whatever you do , don't start at Devry .
Go to night school at the local community college .
i just applied for devry university online and i am concerned with the entrance exam !
what is the entrance exam like , how can i study for it ?
Those comments you read regarding Capella being a diploma-mill are responses from those who didn't put into the class of what they got out of it .
Capella is a great program with rigorous format .
Capella challenges you to do your best ! ! ! ! !
CONS : Many of you have had problems with the financial aid .
I too originally thought it was supposed to be some kind of grant ( the Pell grant I think it was ? ) until Apollo sent me a loan balance , which I never approved .
I quickly put an end to that crap and started my GI Bill .
I also had a problem with a biology teacher .
The problem was eventually corrected , but it pissed me off .
I also discovered it's difficult to find the proper channel to make a complaint against a teacher .
And of course , there is the issue with the intelligence of your peers .
I have generally found that of a class of about 30 , only 4 or 5 people will have a firm grasp of the English language which hasn't been a problem for me so far .
Last but not least , I don't participate in forum discussion .
This hurts my grade slightly , but I read enough illiterate material at my job .
I fear that interacting with these people will bring me down .
PROS : As many on this site have stated , you can get an education from this place if YOU HOLD YOURSELF ACCOUNTABLE .
Yes , that means you actually have to read the course material and avoid BSing your way through the classes .
I personally save ALL my course material for later review .
After all , I paid for it .
Aside from the one biology teacher , I've had nothing but stout cooperation from most of my teachers .
They've always been willing to answer my questions ( or direct me to the proper forum ) , and I think they've given me fair grades .
I can't speak for other students' grades , as I have not seen them .
I generally find the work and reading to be moderately challenging , and enjoy doing most of it .
I will at the very least get my associates degree from UoP .
I can't vouch for the degree's clout in the real world , but I'll soon find out BEFORE pursuing my bachelors ( I'll get back to you on that ) .
Without the flexible schedule , there is no way in hell I would be getting my degree right now .
I have rent , insurance , and other expenses to pay which require a JOB .
Unfortunately , online education is the only way I can reach my goals .
To those of you enrolled , I wish you the best of luck in your endeavors .
For those of you who have had bad experiences , I hope you find a college that suits your needs .
First of all , I only gave UOP a " 1 " because there was a " 0 " as an option .
The experience at UOP has been nothing but a hassle .
The staff is extremely unprofessional and unorganized .
My story is one that has probably happened to other people , and it involves financial aid , or lack there of .
I recently left the military and began using my G.I Bill for college .
When I enrolled , I opted to use my military money to pay for classes , but signed up for financial aid to defer the payment until my G.I . Bill took affect .
When my government money began to come in , I called the university to see what needed to be done .
I was told multiple times that because I was approved for aid through the university , the G.I . Bill money was mine to keep for personal use , and I was covered for eight classes .
After being told this several times , I thought that things were in order .
WRONG !
I was recently handed a bill of almost $6,000.00 .
The woman responsible for this was apparently discharged from the university , but they will not take the hit for this terrible mistake .
So , after hearing negative stories about some of their programs not being accredited , and actually reading on the internet that they do not offer accredited online courses , degrees , or programs , this has shown me that the University of Phoenix is nothing more than a criminal hoax .
Everyone , do yourselves a favor and do not even entertain the thought of attending this apparent college .
I enjoyed most of the classes , except I had one professor who accused me , without proof and justification , of plagarism .
I guess this can happen .
No apology was given and I ended taking an F , after having close to a 3.8 GPA .
This was a mess .
My advisor was horrible , she told me what classes I needed and it turned out I did not need the classes .
I sent e-mail showing the exact comment she said and still she claimed not to have written them , this happened on several occasions .
I finally got a good advisor , but by that time my f.a . expired and I had to move on with around 5 course left to graduate .
On the plus side , the classes are easy becuase of the schedule and most of the professors are easy to communicate with .
I attended a traditional college for my BS and tried to continue that with my MS ( few years separation there ) , but with work , wife and kids it became difficult in terms of time driving , taking notes in class , etc .
Its now been 5 years since I graduated from UoP and I have to say it has help me get promoted .
Most companies and government job want you to have have a MS degree for management jobs , but as long as they are accredited they hold value .
My 3 years getting the degree was not easy spending on avg 20 hours per week on discussions , homework , papers and group assignments .
( Traditional classes you dont get this type of experience ) .
You do learn since it forces you to read ( and write alot ) the textbooks that come with each class and ability to ask questions to your instructor and/or fellow students when you dont understand .
Iam speaking from experience here and UoP has helped me in my career and you do learn new things .
Its better than not doing nothing if you continue to go to traditional colleges but never seem to finish because of your business schedule .
I just finished my Bachelor of Science/Business Management at UOP and I am now getting ready to start the MBA program at UOP .
I started as a junior having gone to community college prior .
The 22 months that it took me on ground were the best times of my life .
The Sacramento Valley campus has some of the most remarkable instructors I have ever had .
I have 18 years of work experience in my field and the learning environment that University of Phoenix provides is far more relative to business than a traditional college .
The students not only have to learn to work together in teams , but also learn how to present learned material .
The students get the opportunity to be good at public speaking .
Compared to the traditional " cram for exams " , the UOP student must learn the material enough to present in front of the class ; not to mention the many , many research papers that are required in each of the courses .
As a hiring manager , I would lean more toward someone with a degree from University of Phoenix than one from a state university .
I have am half way through my second course with the UOP and I must say that it is well worth the extra money .
I went to the UMN twin cities for a year , and another online college for two years .
This has been the best experience , it allows me to work my full time job and maintain full time school status throughout the year .
I really feel the professors are great and readily available if you contact them .
Don't listen to above post .
This school is all about the money
The education is less than stellar for the amount you pay .
A community college offers better than this school !
Here you pay 6k a semester as compared to 300-400 at your local community colloge , 1-1.5k for csu , 2k for uc .
Overall most other colleges are cheaper than this school and offer you more .
I highly don't reccomend this school .
Most other private trade schools I would steer away from as well .
Northcentral has a great doctor of education program .
It encompasses many disciplines and works well with my schedule .
I am on my 8th course at Capella and have had very good interaction with my instructors as well as my fellow learners .
Those that say this is a Diploma mill need to take a better look .
It is accredited by the same body that accredits the University of Illinois and other Big 10 schools .
That means that a diploma from Capella is worth the same as a diploma from the University of Illinois .
It is by no means a diploma mill .
The course work is challenging and I do not feel like I am being short changed .
Also , the cost of the university is inline with all of the other private colleges and universities throughout the United States .
Full time tuition is roughly $12,000 a year .
I received a Ph . D . from Capella University .
Compared with others with whom I am acquainted who earned their doctoral degrees from brick-and-mortars , the education I received was vastly superior .
I highly recommend Capella to bright , motivated , self-starters who enjoy learning , researching and writing .
Mary E . Peters
SECRETARY OF TRANSPORTATION ( University of Phoenix Grad )
Mary E . Peters was nominated by President George W . Bush on September 5 , 2006 , and confirmed by the U.S . Senate as the 15th Secretary of Transportation on September 30 , 2006 , after spending more than two decades crafting solutions to our nation's toughest transportation challenges .
Secretary Peters brings a unique perspective to her role as the nations transportation chief , having spent her career working on transportation issues in the private and public sectors , including leading both federal and state transportation agencies .
This hands-on experience allows her to understand and appreciate the real-life aspects of planning , building and operating transportation systems on local , regional and state levels .
Over her 20-plus years in transportation , Secretary Peters has earned a solid reputation as an innovative problem solver , a force for safety and a strong advocate for effective use of taxpayer dollars .
As Secretary of Transportation , she intends to use these same skills to tackle todays most pressing challenges including fighting congestion across all modes of transportation , improving safety and addressing strains on traditional sources of transportation funding .
She is responsible for maintaining a safe , reliable and efficient transportation system , while leading an agency with almost 60,000 employees and a $61.6 billion budget that oversees air , maritime and surface transportation missions .
Prior to joining President Bushs Cabinet , Peters worked in Phoenix , AZ , as the national director for transportation policy and consulting at HDR , Inc . , a major engineering firm .
She was responsible for building a management consulting practice and formulating public policy initiatives for the firm's transportation program .
In 2001 , the President asked Peters to lead the Federal Highway Administration ( FHWA ) .
As FHWA Administrator from 2001 to 2005 , she placed special emphasis on finding new ways to invest in road and bridge construction , including innovative public-private partnerships that help build roads faster and at less expense .
She also was a strong advocate for using new technology to reduce construction time , saving taxpayer money and resulting in safer , longer-lasting roads and highways .
From 1985 to 2001 , she served in the Arizona Department of Transportation ( ADOT ) .
During her tenure , Peters worked her way up through the ranks as a contract administrator , deputy director for administration , and deputy director .
In 1998 , then-Governor Jane Hull appointed her director of the agency .
While in office , she was recognized as the Most Influential Person in Arizona Transportation by the Arizona Business Journal .
Secretary Peters received the 2004 National Woman of the Year Award from the Womens Transportation Seminar , a national organization of transportation professionals .
She chaired the Standing Committee on Planning and the Asset Management Task Force for the American Association of State Highway and Transportation Officials ( AASHTO ) , and was a member of the AASHTO 2001 Reauthorization Steering Committee .
A fourth-generation Arizonan and an avid motorcyclist , Secretary Peters holds a bachelor's degree from the University of Phoenix and attended Harvard University's John F . Kennedy School of Government Program for State and Local Government Executives .
She and her husband , Terry , have three grown children , and five grandchildren .
Let this soak in to all who doubt the school ! ! ! !
I've heard horror stories from DeVry alums who had received financial aid that even once the balance was paid , they kept adding charges and sending statements demanding more money .
Has anyone here had that experience ?
I'm a US soldier in Iraq working on a PhD .
The program has been challenging but fair , with great interaction .
Like any other experience , you get out of it what you invest in it .
Good luck !
SFC Shawn Ambrose
I have not started with Devry yet but I do this year .
So far it seems great especially for someone like me , a full-time employee .
I am very fortunate and almost right out of high school with a very average GPA and only 20 ; I already make above $45,000 a year as a programmer with a large health care company for over a year and have had 3 promotions up in the first year and a half .
I decided that I want to go ahead and get a bachelors in CIS so I will not be capped in my salary and companies can not use my lack of an education as leverage to pay me cheap .
Many people are knocking Devry but I have seen them to be a very great school for people who really push themselves .
I've already asked my HR department if a Devry degree is credible and here was the answer : " If you earned you education , its credible . "
With further communication with my HR department I've come to the conclusion that if you didn't just purchase your degree but you earned it by learning and expressing your skill and abilities you and your degree are credible to any company .
If a company does not accept my degree , without seeing my ability I would not want to work for such a bias company .
Keep in mind my company is strict in every process especially being a Public traded company that complies with the all the public company acts .
The only reason I would see Devry not being credible is totally dependent on the student .
Its all on you , not the paper you have .
If I can get the job at college-graduate starting salaries , plus 3 promotions in a year without any degree from any school and just a dimploma , I know without any doubt that with a degree from Devry I can move around and have better leverage with other companies .
From what I saw and hear , you surely earn your degree at Devry , you must pass the class with a C to earn the credits , its only a year shorter than a typical 4 year program at a local college , and such a fast-paced career-oriented education is offered .
If you want to go to college to receive that " college-life " or to get the " personality " , " character " , etc that a college campus and life gives you then go to a local university or high-held prestige school .
But if you already know your career path , already have character and pesonality in your life , then Devry is a good option to consider .
I plan on going to their Keller graduate school to get an MBA after my bachelors because on year of your bachelors counts for one year of earning your masters and so you only have one year left to finish your masters !
I hated community college .
It was so bland and the classes were huge ( 30 students or more sometimes ) and the teachers were awful .
I've noticed that the successful students at Devry are brilliant , goal-oriented people and know exactly what they are aiming for .
If I end up having a bad experience with Devry , I'll come right back to this forum and explain why but I won't tell anyone not to go to Devry .
I had a friend graduate from Devry with a business bachelors in project management and she seems to be doing fine and is heading to law school .
It depends on your goals , yourself , your direction , your career , etc .
My husband is a graduate of CTU with a Master's in Software Engineering .
He is also now a virtual adjunct professor for the school .
He is a very dedicated instructor and does his best to make sure his students understand the material .
He is also employed at a large company as the Enterprise IT Manager , meaning he is in charge of the entire company's IT needs .
This is a very challenging , demanding , and well paying position that he would not have gotten without his degree from CTU .
He worked hard to earn his degree while working full-time and helping me raise our 2 children .
He earned his Bachelor's degree from a very reputable liberal arts school with many accredidations and felt that CTU was equaly challenging with equal possetive and negative issues on the business side .
I recently transferred my credits to CTU , no problem , to complete my degree .
I feel I have been treated very well and my classes are in deed challenging .
This is no diploma mill .
This is a regionally accredited school with qualified instructors .
In fact , because my husband is a professor , I was given nearly a full scholarship from CTU .
I will earn my degree and only end up paying a little over a thousand dollars .
That is not a typical gift from a school that only cares about the money .
I think all schools have their pro's and con's and all students have possetive and negative experiences with the school they attend .
I have had some challenging classes and some easy classes at every school I have attended , CTU is my 4th .
CTU has their share of possetives and negatives for sure , but I think it is unfair for people who clearly haven't done their research , to critisize an entire school based on a couple experiences with a few staff members .
Online education is in high demand and all schools are cashing in on it .
Stanford , Columbia , Cornell , Berkley ; these are only a few of the Ivy League schools now offering online programs .
There are many reputable accredited schools offering this option .
US News lists hundreds of big name schools accredited by the same organization as CTU , using the same virtual course software , charging the same or higher fees , with some lousey professors and some great ones , and that also have their share of pro's and con's wether it be in the education or business arena's .
While I'm not a CTU student , I work with four people who are .
In one case , a coworker is about to graduate with a software engineering degree .
Not only can he not write a single line of code but , yesterday he asked me what a " text editor " was .
I have no formal computer related education nor do I consider myself particularly computer literate however , I can answer all of his computer related questions correctly .
Yet another coworker completed a CTU software engineering masters and has almost no understanding of computers beyond that of a typical computer user .
How can this school be accredited ?
Even though I work with CTU students , my employer is a federal technical contractor and explicitly does not hire employees with CTU degrees .
Okay , I have to chime in here , b/c I see a lot of negativity out there :- ) I just received my Master's degree and this was the most difficult set of courses I've _ever_ gone through ( bar none ) .
I found the required discussion/participation in class very rewarding , as NO ONE can sit in the back of the class in this type of venue .
It is imperative ( to your grade ) that you participate in discussions ; there is a lot of knowledge and experience imparted in these discussions ; much more so than I would have received in a traditional brick and mortar classroom setting .
Why ?
For one ( that I'd noticed when we all got to Commencement ) is that most people were older than the typical Master's students at a BandM at a University campus . A lot
of these people are out in their field working already with a lot of real-world experience to give to the class . This is
just one of the values of UoP that I've gained . Some of
their stories and experiences ( and the personalities themselves ! ) I would have never met in my local University setting ( even though many of those people may have been from other parts of the country/world , too ) . The amount
of writing that one is required to do is also quite a bit more than a traditional school setting ( well , let's put it into papers/week count , because I'm sure that a traditional Master's program probably has one writing quite a few papers , as well ) . However ,
within the typical 6 week course , I'd say there were the 3-5 500 word essays ( the DQs ) per week , the 1000-2000 word essays per week , and the mega paper/presentation ( 5000 words/lots of slides ) at the end . On top
of this was the 50+ pages ( or so ) to read in our book , articles from the rEsource , and anything else that we could cull from the Internet , books , and articles from magazines , etc . All in
all , I feel that there was a lot of work and if you could keep up with it , great , if not , you ended up complaining a lot about it on websites , stating that UoP was not a very good University or some such nonsense . I will
agree , however , that some of the difficulties that people have expressed with the Learning Teams are true ( I experienced that throughout my classes ) . However ,
as a Master's candidate , you must recognize the fact that there will be people in your life who are going to fail and they will most likely be right next to you . The solution
? Prepare !
When you
see a big assignment coming your way , just assume that _you_ will be the one who will handle the whole thing and when people step in to help out , all the better . You must
be proactive and step up to the plate with keeping up the work . Otherwise ,
it won't get done . Yes ,
this does allow others to ride your coattails , but I have found that those people did not graduate , either . I went
through the entire program knowing that I was honest about my work and turning it in on time ( and collaborating when/if necessary ) . The one
and only time that I let others lead ( my very last class ) was the time that things slid until the very last moment . I agree
that there is a somewhat inherent flaw in the Learning Team approach , but in the long term , the stragglers will not come out ahead , as they will not succeed . This *is*
how it is in real life anyway ( these folks get fired , can't achieve , etc ) , so why should it bother you , if you are a success ? David M
. Patterson , UoP MSCIS , 2005
I've had a very positive experience with UoP .
You have to want your degree to endure the sometimes grueling assignments .
It's a great learning environment but not for the weak .
I encourage anyone who is ready to finish their degree to try it .
Like with most things in life , you will find what you are looking for if you try hard enough .
If you choose to find negativity , you will and vice versa .
It's a shame you don't have negative stars .
I took a single class from Devry years ago , which I paid for at the time .
Obviously Devry agreed that I'd paid , since they sent me my final grade , and later sent several transcripts out to other institutions .
Five years later , I discovered that Devry had turned my supposedly delinquent account over to some disreputable collections agency .
When I called Devry , they wouldn't talk to me about it because they'd turned it over .
The collections jerks weren't interested in anything , including receipts that proved I'd paid .
I finally had to get an attorney to straighten it out for me .
Of course we all know how disreputable collections companies are , and the kinds of people they routinely hire and use .
Devry turned my account over with my social security number as the account number , so I've had no choice but to put watches on my information with the credit bureaus and on my individual credit accounts .
It's impossible to tell whether they're thieves or simply incompetent ; either way , these are not people you want to do business with .
I was just admitted to the Masters of Science in Management - Project Management program and my advisor was extremely helpful .
I know you can't please everyone , but I have had nothing but a pleasant experience .
The folks in the financial aid department were also extremely helpful .
A University without a library or librarian cannot call itself a University .
DeVry is just a mere institution .
Look at Harvard , Stanford , and even local state schools !
They all value their libraries enough to have actual professional staff .
DeVry is a sad sad place .
The education is worthless .
Don't do it .
You are all too smart for falling in this trap .
Stay far a way .
I am a Ph.D . learner at the school .
The school has a reputation for making students work really hard .
The thing I like most about the school is that the teachers force students to conduct research and formulate their own opinions .
They equip students to become not just learners but THINKERS .
I love this school !
This Is what I have to say about Phoenix University staff : Incompetent , I GOT IN in last year in September , applied for a loan and after the first class I decided to pay my school cash and ask the University to return my loan , Now after 8 Months I get phone calls and e-mail form the loan company . . . hearing that my loan was not returned jet and I still have to pay for my loan . . . .
THIS IS FROM TODAY : 07/07/08
Federal Subsidized Stafford
20 Delinquent1 $0.00 $4,250.00 $47.06
( 1 ) Your account is past due .
If you have not made your payment , do so today , or call us at . . . . . . . . . . . , Monday through Friday , from 8:00 a.m . to 11:00 p.m . , Eastern Time for options .
We may report information about your account to credit bureaus .
Late payments , missed payments , or other defaults on your account may be reflected in your credit report .
So my credit is getting down becouse of the school and I payd my class in full in december and today july they still did not returned back my loan
